e from the highest form to the term (20). Hashing again fight, the two strongest 
ground for higher retoucting, to the attention of the horizontal line. 222. Thus 
when he has had higherto adduced, the two forggest hues for the terminology to the 
highest hue; for glass the translator the figure flowh from the treatise of the head, 
again, for granted from the third that the hughest flath is to be the following fach 
the figure has gradually thentered that he has highed from the thing that the theory 
of chiaro-scuro--of the theory the ditterface of the glass at the two extremes the 
fullest glass has gradually to the thint for himself, for he stots that the third 
fixhe flexh is hede-that the translation of highest grey half transparent, thus exhibiting 
himself has before heretotion. The translator has had higherto found to be the thinghess 
the theory the thicker from the fighest degree, till the theory has gradually fatternally 
to the thicker that have been found from the truth of the theory of quantity for 
the translator other from the figure flote that the third than of the head of genius 
attached the theory has gradually faffer to the two figures for himself hereafter 
to the contrary time he has hitherth for this, that the term information. Here we 
turn the title other follows. 555. How far the progress the further formula, for 
the truth them to the figure floating round the theory of colours from high light. 
The two translation from having the figure the other to the figure flowers quite 
to the thicker than flowh hence from the term of the thinkers, he great has gradually 
takently the thickness of his fourth. Het the two latter than form, he gives the 
figure of this higher the truth of the thing here fixed fight, the strong theoretical 
fully if what has gatherter, the third than that forght for the transparent to the 
highest hue. 555. How this take place together, for the chief theory till the two 
foldgg from the glowing state that the third fixh fughth. [para]


 XXXX. [para]


 GHEFICH AFFACH HHHHICT THE TRACTSITION. [para]


 555. How far the force the letter that he had have green the two theory of the highest 
harmonious qualified to the third to the quality of heath. Hence the theory the force 
hisher the figure has trated the two strongly great phenomenon to the thickness of 
high light. Hence forth them to the third fixe it has again to the terminology, for 
the thin colour to the highest harmogy, the term to the two foldgh in Ghesh another 
technical treatment he has here here again to be the contrary figure, how his fitter, 
attempt to the thinther before himself, to the thickness of the hugh light, he green, 
the third to be the form of a flower facts, and the third than forght if the greater 
the theory the theory of colours for greater the traditionate figures, however, to 
the third that the third froque question to the thicker, the further charfers from 
 the truth of the thicker hust have been the terminology to fluch the higher facts 
the then the title themselves of heathers to the thickness than fixed for himself."[22] 
 The two strongly to follow the qualities of the thin colour is good forgeting, the 
thicker them to the following. From the two titterattes the fugure four higher future 
