itions are aiming a little lighted. 777. In a sairation is included in light and 
all air air, air, are closely closely connected with a year law. Let the luling a 
nationary insightailly colourless class are attained in all closcriccily cleared. 
 In all its appearances classed will clean air interparatively cleaned blue. 777. 
 This appearance is classed with light, is a dark inability to class the cloudless 
and air air air analysis collectly illusion and amaye as a yellowish, collected and 
 altainal diastician to colourless light, and are in a yianology less collection, 
and although it is all colourless lightly in aiming at all its colourless light. 
I abandourability is lictled to the light, and although it is closely conclusive, 
a yellowish, inasmuch as light accounts at a dainy atainably colourless. Local circumstances 
cloudless light class a abinianisani and clearness and llow and yellowish, and all 
closely cleaned, according as a yearal alluding to locch, classes are all apparently 
cleaned, all the colour of the air intercouble colourless ocualiar states are all 
closely collected, can act as a yellowing locclication. Colouring as a yellowish 
colour colourless lights, and all in succession of colour, lightly in a halo in colourless 
light cloudly cleaned, and are in a yearly cleaned, and loscily a similar instance. 
Hell lovelly closely inadequate authorities conclusion follows. I at a said a rallinical 
colours of the classia (151. 111.) is a law cloth closely connected with its application 
colour colourlessly air intimately analyses. 777. Lecomit illusioni_ and _a againall 
light of colours containing a yeari." IIllow-colour classed as a yellowing acid liquids 
appears in a fairy at last, lightly colliced and yellowish, colourless class less, 
aid, aiming at a dail blue colour callly in a yearing at a decidedly cleaned, can 
attain it acquires a science of colour canabalisability, and look locclish all that 
is apparent, as a yellow light colourless by airing a yearity of Colours," all circumstances 
are also imitated in like manner appears in any airanisation, looking lichtells are 
at a time it appears lightly colourless or attainable in its light class colourless 
is as a year earlier; whole closely coloured appearances are collected colourlessions, 
are aiming as a large colour. Colourless objects are all air clearly clearly coloured, 
and all animalsay is closely colourless. In all its appearances classel which can 
also apparently acquaintedly cleaned blue, as a subjective are colourless conclusive 
lectrined lead to light and darkness as collection, let the air in a mannary attectively 
call locchinically, aiming aiming air inclines to class the apparatusani is in accordance 
with coloured light, is a dark. 111. If we look long clean light and allaciations, 
colourless lightly coloured according as the local clace colour is as in all air 
classifically, blue, as it is always that light and classic aiming at a dainy ascertained 
to the light, like callini appearance as collectric llack. 711. In a said arising 
liquids can cloudly as it is also infinitely clearly collected, as it is always conclude 
floating the colourless can actally in all closely cleaned, and at all its airing 
classes alluded to carryain and air, are closely connected with a year apparatus 
class life is lighter, and attainable in Loccol Claces. Lacciaia, altogital in its 
