file = ./data/goethe2.txt
Length of text: 586650 characters
146 unique characters
Sampling
starter, or that which is so far as concounded
to float border and the same object.[2] "The individual description of
the red state, we produce shadows which are already found to be observed that
in both cases, as possible altogether the first case, in which it appears to us as a merely
by the moment of the apparent altar-pieces of the accuracy as well as to the arts of a
light ground should be found in a very strong and distant equal in intensity to scarlet, which is not sufficiently in the antiquity, again,
which are not sundy to a certain extent, since it may be said that
in account of the surface of a contrary light disk on a black surface, the further consideration of
the appearances are of the object. The duration of the surface of the retina between two
external laws of a similar coloured borders now appear as a light ground, and
which are so useful as a very slight degree, ot coloured objects are also better acquainted with the
pigments which are other considerations connected with the colours of the subjective appearances.

129.

The colour of the surface of a whole with the object itself, and sought, with regard
to the light spreads over the surface of a light surface in return,
to the original word. It is only by a strongly relieved by reflection of
the light, as usual, to be acting a lively minute light is produced by
the outset. It is not a light placed next each other as a dark; the surface of the above experiments as not at all,
that we can only be strongly conveyed to be a secret appears in some natural
philosophers, he was not at a subdued light, as the chemical colours of the
object itself is sufficiently included under the advantage of the coloured borders by a
colourless. The surface of a language of light, is necessary to do with light and
shade is found in the contrary order, to produce the colour of the surface of a large red image of the
surface of a whole, which is actually to be a shadow will appear blue and
yellow, red-yellow, and yellow-red, but as it is to be remarked
that it is on a black surface appears as a striking experiments, the coloured surface a substance of the
details of the actual showing the luminous image attains the appearance of colour increases as
the surface of the physical colours of the surface of a lught appearance of colour is possible to display themselves to a shadow will not appear when the
effect of the colour of the object. It is not appear.

177.

All that is own colour; so that on coloured surfaces are so much advantageous or that which is so called
to the observations that we consider the appearances described the
colours of the light, so that its shadow till the light should be united by a solution of
the light, and thus appear when the surface of the manufacturers may be conveniently described it is to be observed that the more
    order to imitate, announces the artist-like whole window-shutter be placed in the mirror, or
coloured objects are so forgotten, so that it cannot be a semi-transparent
coloured objects, and hence the surface of the surface of a light placed near it seems to assert that
the other colours are susceptible with the excess of the object, and although the
coloured squares as one impression of light, coloured by the attention of the surface of the organ, its
dark points of the surface of a black surface is so far acquired a kind of colour in the coloured
objects. If we pass from the experiments are to be relieved as a dark on the physiologists of the sun, or
by subdued as a dark mistakes on the contrary or displacement of the object.


[1] See Note on Par. 177.

[1] "E Fluch and others to find it may be said that the organ itself
stated by Durnin. The lower part of the doctrine of the
dioptrical colours, as soon as we see the surface of a thinner veil over the whole circle remains to be a
coloured objects may be made with a very attenuated state, and so duck and progressive de'scriptions, thus acquire some of
the account for the phenomenon observations on the physical colours of the surface of the object to
phosphors, as subjective experiments are not sufficiently it exhibited by
re-agents, and as the prosecution of the appearances described on a black surface a large image placed on the
direction, _subject_ and _secondary_ images, which is repeated, and an
advantageous of facts may be assumed to arrive in the actual strong progress of
the light, is necessary to observe, that the colours in like manner the productions
of colours are conveyed to us with a bright light.

144.

If the edges are blue in a book observations on the attention of
the account. From the colour of the mode in which the coloured squares and
assumed the example of the coloured squares appears red; and some of the surface of a colourless light and
shade is of the surface of the red and yellow-red. The colour of the colourless
state, and should be remembered," that the thicker medium it denied, and
others to a strong ground, or the mass of all the dark surface in shadow, and which are not
unpleasantly green, so as to the more than once expresses that the circumstance of the
object will be a severe white and black, from the physiological colours, and
the surface of a light on a straight line from a white ground, and which is in a very readily
white, or less dissomphes, as well as to the surface of the modelt is suffered to a state of the object that which is
always the appearances which recommends a very remarkable appearance in the
next place we observe that the more the eye is connected with it, and produce the
coloured objects may be considered as a secret for the object that we can
consider it are displayed in this state, the image is so cleared and yellow, and yet at the surface of the prism
when we shall find that the surface of the physical colours with the physiological contrast
determined by the actual observations on the accuracy and the doctrine of the coloured appearance which sometimes so
much greater the coloured spaces which is so clearness to a state of the colour of the object to the
directions of the coloured squares of colour are of the most beautiful blue, and the effect
of the thin colour in physical colours. The following experiments with the organ
instance of the deepest blue edge and on the motley coloured objects are always
in a subjective experiments. In the same moment, the surface of the surface of the light, is not an
accumulated form. Yet an application of the theory of colours which are already
for the most beautiful blue is not appear here, to be the convex glass, the
spectrum which is constructed, the colour of the surface of the physical colours are not sufficiently in some coloured
atmertated on the surface of the object.

177.

The desire of the surface of a light colour over the moon, the more the appearance
through the surface of a light from the traditional causes may be placed in a black surface; the effect of
which the luminous image actually that of the direction _a b_ontra excett is very explained.


YELLOW-RED.


727.

All that is not more to the appearances in a very vivid class from the contrary, the eye is not at
an elaborate white paper is placed on a black surface in reference to the colour of
the appearances. If the surface of the object which occasion to use with
regard to the contrary object will appear of a whole. It is washed with a subdued light, as some of the surface of a colourless
ser to be a solving and degree. The light proceeds appears brown, we take a glance
at the surface of a grey surface is thus, only to repeat that the colours of the
surface of others will appear alluded to a strong red, and the surface of the surface of the accuracy and
terminology of colour agree with reference to the colours of the surface of a light one; and
in the lower to be so distinctly observable in the highest degree of the surface of a light object and all the colour of
the light of a larger opecity or coloured shadows which appears subjectively and objectively
    impression of light. In this state we observe
the contrary order, therefore, the leading colours began to form and appearance still restrict to
the description of colour which is so far as we descend from the prismatic borders are also to be attributed to the description of
the appearances which painters by Paul Veronese, is produced. It is therefore observed
that the more reality to a subject which are the most part as
if glazed: so as to the accumulation of the colour of the actual shown in a straight line from the other hand, increases to the
order of the surface of a coloured object may be conveniently entirely conveyed by the actual dyep the
blue edge next the blue appears not acknowledged that the surface of the physiological colours by means of colour, as
the result of the thind the light appeared by the accumulation of the horizontal line of darkness, and observations
on a straight line from the scale of colours are so well forced to a state of
repeating of the colour of the light, is apparent, as the impression of
the atmosphere is always to be considered as to the surface of other cases.

426.

Although the extreme of the third by his imitators, and still looks
upon a black surface, and which it cannot be surprised to be a shining colour. It is his eyes
than any degree of opacity, the surface of the highest degree of the apparatus
with the coloured spaces which can be convinced that the author saws and contrast in this
case the light and class of phenomena which have been without
underneath a secondary phenomenon is produced by the appearances which painters of the Epoptical
colours of the object. It appears to be relieved on a dark room.

311.

For ourselves we have already seen to be a secondary phenomenon is produced by light, as a whole which takes place by means of colour in
which it appears to be a shadow in order to a state of the physical colours of the
object is looking at the same time to return to which it is considered in the surface of the
object will appear blue and violet, and blue-red, and yellow-red be
ascribed to a narrow circle, because the position of this kind, are the effect of the
dioptrical colours are also influence. A surface of the retina as well as to this property to which it is proved by the
decreasing dark objects through the moon, like manner the exposition of the
dioptrical colours of the surface of the object and a light ground be placed
upreas of the colourists to be a severe character, the colours of the
    others."[1]

The colours of the surface of a colourless light, let the sun
light and darkness are colourless, so that it cannot be arrested; they
force of the colour of the appearances described in a book, as I whole which scarcely neutralised
by the hours of the external causes of objects should be traced to the
surface of a burnt-red with the prism, and all that is only not so well, but that the surface
of the physical colours are attended to bring a certain degree of this kind.

859.

The author, the effect of colour which is only a shadow in like manner the explanation of the
direct light appears to us in a brown colour. It extent, so that it appears to have been observed round it.

774.

The coloured side at a light object and on the other hand, in many
shell-fish, which is first black, as for the colour of the
surface of a luminous image actually to be black on white grounds are on the mode in which the
usual scale, as well as to the attentive observer that the subject of his views
with the contrary order, for it is not at a light ground, and
which is only a semi-opaque medium. It may be said to be observed
when we consider that the colours are not only distinctly as
the surface of a light ground in its application.[2]

179.

This we are now sufficiently included under the white paper.


NOTE D.--Par. 86.

The first class which the surface of the colour of the
dioptrical colours of the colour of the surface on which the surface of the air interposed between
the account the most part of the actual shown in the author, the most perfect
colour of flesh it is to be remarked, that the eye is so far
furntly available; it may be said to be unimpated by light and shade is, on the other hand, inclines to a kind of
colourless objects, and closely exhibited by the same surface a somewhat light produces
the experiment may be conveniently, the clearness and
person walking raises and shadowy is not at all, be the
reflection of the apparatus when the surface of the surface of the passive side, but that the
finelesses of light, is connected with the colour of the modern plates.

361.

If we look on a white, the most part of the object.


[1] See Note on Pathological Colours
           XXXII. Conditions of the Account
to be a solving and cold. The account of his observations as well as the coloured borders beyond the
following lead is constantly sought for the process of colour appears which we have only to do with this account, and the surface of the retina between
the organ to observe the appearances described by higher should be relieved as a dark on a black ground.

391.

To which it is covered with the physical colours of the actual state of the object are various applications, as well as the
direction of the outset the surface of the surface of the physiological colours
of the thin colour in a very remarkable appearance.

169.

All that is possible to resemble the outline of the scale of the observations that
of the model pirture of the colour of both the observations that
the organ to place a black surface of a whole which can be done away with the appearance
spreads of a variety of colours behind it to be relieved on a black ground, which is sufficiently included under this
effect of an accessory image will appear blue on the intermediate colour of the mode of explanation which we call a polygon.




XX.


EVIDION OF THE FIRST CALOPIINS.


683.

In the historical part there is only by contrivance to a certain extent, as the contrast of colour with the blue edge
(26).

119.

The sun-light at once the light, seen by accessory image altogether the first
directions on the other hand, it presents itself alone, that
they be accurately contrived to illustration.

142.

The arts of a scarlet body, as well as the coloured surface upon our
attention to the distance of the surface of a light object flowers by means of colour arrested in a complemental colour.

144.

The appearances described by Nobili, is also not to be arrested, the
term chiaro-scuro.[5]

In the former is placed on the white paper placed next each other in the two character, and are presented to
the eye itself appears surface should be relieved on a light ground. If the surface of the painter
who last description of the 

________________________________________________________________________________

Run time: 66.60767102241516
