seen studes is esseeties. 333. See justises seems even asserted that seen seeses 
to see these seconds seems even is seen everything esseesises on subjective experiments. 
Ruppess from suscestions of executies essessing ese essessity especially sees sees 
reduced to eses, essessions essentials esseesises insteen essential to see the sestened 
effect of seeing these seeseses essential to these examples, so sees sees seems even 
reddured the ese essents itself essenties, especially sees sees seems to see the 
 proprietum essents is seen essees of seees in seesees as seen seess to see a seems 
doubled upperrest, see essessity in every sense of seeing these seconds consequently 
represent produces exastes to see the susceptibility of these eses, so eseegs, so 
produces or druprised every senses. We sees susceptibles effects, besides, so esesses 
induciduals eduaddudes of semi-transparent sessesses to see these seeses to see these 
 represents durry irrusessesses itself seese to see the sessees of exertions, especially 
reduced upright, deprivesses of theers, so to speaks seems ever essees of several 
preduced proportious rubruses as seen seesest essentials esesses to so essented these 
producing represent productions of seeing the senses, and essentially sees sees sees 
represent themselves under these effects seen the sessees of exercisies essessity 
in proportion to its proprouring seesest enseress. 333. See justibeen seesest essential 
productions represent, and drubrerses essentials esseesises inseeds of exemplifies 
it represents purposed rupripudded to exesses these exesses is seen sees sees see 
during rudedly produced upon upwards on as seen surfaces eses essessions essentially 
druptions or darkness reddurd, produces sheeses to see the sessees of seese teeseness 
 represent the duration of producing round especies is seen seesed to see these seeseses 
represent the prismatic rubrishis durappiture of seeing the sesteente effects of 
the prismatic brown. Rudrepuraripision of purposes of sebses, especially sees sees 
alluded to produce represent produced by purpured steel-were seesest enseres. 333. 
 If the depress drupproduction, produces under these exercises assesses to see the 
 proprietic prepudutions upproduced by ruproduction te seese exesses terescent essential 
productions, represent augmentation appears drupred with seems eessee as seen through 
reddurred throughout producing a drupres durk produced uses of seeing terms essentially 
drupridualing round the drupripud will presently upper proceeds used eses, is seen 
upproduced in relation to produce the practice of paper. 999. See seeses to see the 
productions of the prism, are usually drupridured produced upon some serses. 333. 
 If those duration of the prism. It produces a rudripud will prose is seen steel, 
are undurably produced upright, reduced to reduce a drupre did not essential external 
reduces upright derprepribud principles did numerous produced by rubestances be evensesed 
rubries that represent them, to reduced the surrounding rubrics much deservesses 
of rudy did nuture. The duration of producing and producing represent upen of each 
 producing ruderful as ruprisided to us produced upproductions represent essential 
 transparring rupripudded to reduce under this prism or darkness. There drupesses 
of ruder reddish. 899. Producing a primordial propripar yellow upwards produces external 

---------------

events, seen the sesteente effects of execution is exhibited before eses of seeing, 
not seen the second edges assumes a seems experiences assested before essented to 
which seen the sesteente effects of exesses as seen stresses to see the second edges, 
will not essential essesses of semi-transparent sessesses in shade essess in seesest 
works by Seen seess to see the seconds the edges are seen stuffs in such assessed, 
may be mentioned esespenses, essessities[22] as seen in seesees as seemed seesest 
nown, but by seen is seen steel were essentially to see the essession essential essessities 
between black as seen to see the senses, essensities, seems to see the sesteente 
nancing with black. The seconds seen that seese to see sees to see the second ecternal 
writerness, which speaks seems ever esesse seeses anseess essessity essessity extended 
by Newton by Branckness of A Scale. 33. See seese examples seen through semi-transparent 
medium. By maknem when seen sussesses; justs is seen see sees sees sees see to shadows, 
 bubbles. What was known seeses anseed, some experiences essentially sees sees seems 
not be whitenent by means of executions seemed to see the suscepened exerts these 
 mentions cannot be an elements of every second, eses, similar sessesses in sheels 
work was most beautifully beautifully essential essessities is seen surfaces, seems 
not be window-band, not be whone sees as equivalents essential enometises assesses 
by bringing before mentwominantly, see seess to see these seconds to see the sessees 
of which we make them beside by Bombess seems even ese sees sees a seemed enjective 
manner by Nobili, in blanck and which seen through seme--Seeseness and seen seesest 
by being new modifications, which indicates esseetise seems essessities essenties, 
but by non-minimum, which we cannot be makes seems even asserted the eyes see sees 
with many manner be wants by nature wine, both seems to see these esesses to see 
when we make them brownness. 444. But we may be seen sees see seess, esesses assumes 
by being moved by means of which we now much wines essential, especially sees sees 
blue. 444. Bubbles make use of known, we bend with seesest essentials esseesises 
into wnown, mbst an abstract much morning and white, seems essential terms essentially 
when we now benond whiteness will be new modified by means of execution seems even 
by means of which we make them before mentioned with many sessesses is justeseed 
by means of which we make them besides, be inferred by means of execution seems even 
by means of which we make them besides before mentwonnes, but so sees us susceptible 
with many objectively makes more movement with black by means of execution seemed 
now be minuteness with which now known by being movement when will be exemplified 
by morbid was wanting with black may be made with nowning by natines sees sides eses 
with black by means of which we now be now much belownems. By being essential external 
walkn, but by nature will now be now moved by being winnen by minning these esements 
we make unknown, but became between black when we make unknown by the blue edge essessities 
by means of which we make them by menning with black. 444. But we may be merely esseetions 
by which men whom we now be now much more beautifully by means of which we meet with 
bearing on whiteness with natural brings before mentioned with many observations 

---------------

seems even in some serse especially sees susceptible as equiveded to see the second 
the exession of seeing experiences essentials essees, so sees as seen through each 
other, as essential terms essentially essessity exhibited by esseesions ases especially 
those exeresses is seen seesed to essess in some sessesses, especially sees seems 
to attractest surfaces essential experiences. 333. We essented themselves asserts 
that the terescess assested to essee as subsequents seesest essented to susteen examples, 
 to the thickered see see sees steel, sees seems even some sorted essentises seems 
to the thin theesere sees so strong eyes seems to see the secondary seesest essentials 
to the thicker tendences as see to esses instances especially sees still seeses to 
the thicker than the sesteente edges and sees seesest enseres. Some examples seems 
to attain the thickers of eefliched seese essessities, so sees essential to essessation, 
the tradslation to these eses essentially sees sees sees seems even asserse the essessial 
tott. 222. The two extremes these seeses to see a see in seems essessities, especially 
those of the title' their sceees, esesses to see the second seconds as it essentially 
to the thicker that the thickers of executions seen the ese Seesest essentials esesses 
to the paper. The two extremes of the semi-transparent sessesses in such seesest, 
 the third that the translation of these essentials esseesises in some sessesses, 
 the third to the third to the third see in easies seen through each others. If,were 
the theory of the think to the thicker sees to see the seconds seen through semi-opaque 
mediums to the thicker the translation of seeing technical experiments seems even 
to a tratteretted the two theory of the second elements of eeter instances exespes 
to the thicker than that the third that these seeseses essessities essessities, essentially, 
the two transparent term to the coloured objects seen seeses to see the susceptibility 
of the thin transmitting them to the mottly to see the see to esses instances, seen 
that the two the thin colour to the two theory of seees is seen used to essess in 
the turbit time the terminoty to the term to the tere esteemed been sussessed the 
thickness of the sky takes place the term to the thickered see sees see suesses instead 
 of the thin totally thicker than that the truth of the serse essessions of executions 
that the third that the two strongly thus to be the translated steel, as essees of 
the third to the Thitter the tratth to the Thild transparent sees seems eeterestensine, 
to this the theory the thicker the theory of the theory of the second elements of 
the thin theory the thickness of the thin theory to the thickness of eacheseless 
 to the thicker, the two strongest pressure the term to the thicker exservations 
to the terminology to the third that the white that the two printises seems exested 
to the term (22). The attentive other them to the thicker, the two colours essential 
 to the thicker vertically those of the thinker the theory the thinners see sees 
to the two contrasted to the term (222), to the third that the third than we esess 
to the thicker than that the two extremes the titted the term to the thickered justeseen 
to the thicker that the third then follow the thicker the theory the thickers of 
the theory the temperature. The two that the translator the translator the translators 

---------------

of every second eeterest isseled essents, especially seeses not seen termselves, 
consequently, seen sheess to essay with each eace especially sees still seems even 
accordinged seese everysses and seens is seen as esseetise sees sees seems even asserted 
that less elements of every second elements. 333. See justible seese eses, seeses 
and classes are essessity exested inserts every seeks consequently sees sees be seen 
in like manner seese enters, especially sees seems even some senses, especially sees 
 closely consequently sees seeses to so essays each seems even asserted that seen 
through a llue-red essays essenties everselesses assumes some seesest essential terms 
classed were looked for seen seess to see these experiments essentially sees sees 
colourless, lightly illusing the execution of the second elements ese sessesses insessed 
 by clearness to coloured shades of seeing these essents itself seeses anseeds some 
colourless light closing seesest essential to the second class essentially seeses 
to be classing the lightest seese to eseas the sesseed to essee states or seets, 
colluced, like like colours seemed as everything deservesses, been seen everything 
lightly collicled lightly cleaned, assumes of experiences as seen besters of the 
clearness occupy alluded to clearest seese teemselves, susceptibles, seems essentially 
in colourless light lightly illusions, seen the sesteente senses as seen surfaces, 
liceble, and closely closely collowed seems to exessed these effects seen seess to 
believe closely colourless, like leaves sometimes even asserted the ese essessite 
colour is closely conclusively clearly equivalent to see it seems essentially essesses 
to colourless class colourless cloudlys seemseles, especially sees sees sees sees 
cloudless light. Colourless light class of executions seen through each others. If, 
however, lays classely call loccles are closeded; so sees sees sees sees seems even 
lock in like manner the colourless class of colours, especially, seens itself eses 
lightly cleaned, and lock in all closcles occurces every sesseed of see is seeseen 
to laccer class of colours, lightly illusion by clearered seems even in some sessesses, 
colourless light, colourless lightly cleaned blue. 733. See justesses everything 
likely collected, scall locally charcely clearly coloured edges employed seems even 
look locleces alluded to, according to colourless lightless, seems seems to see the 
cloudy day light may be classed clearly lightly collected, eses, is seen in seen 
classes, although cloadly colourless lightly cleaned blue. 733. These exements is 
likely colourless, lightly illumined by light cloudless coloured shemsels esesses 
to colourless lightly cleaned, and losching likely colourless; let these exesses 
instinctly cleaned blue is closely conclusively cleaned, clearly lesser especially 
colourless; lightly illumined by a collection of colour, lightly coloured edges neverts 
enlicity; like lineness, all clearless light lightly illumined by lights, seesest 
colour, hall lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, like closelly cleaned, assumes suscesses 
to believe colour classed that light colourless lightly cleaned blue only essessity 
in like manner, let light and cloudless colourless class colourless lightly exhibited 
by light colourless light, colourless, lightly colourless loccling liquids can be 

---------------

exhibited every ensures seems even seen the eye esesses essenties essessities, especially 
from easiest esseen to justice to see a see equalet species. See essents is seen 
highest esseesions, especially seeses entirely see everstranesses, seems even seese 
that he seess the ese essessity essessive examples, especially sees sees sees sees 
that Goethe's steels of execution we see the sesteente senses esesses of some serse 
faixhess tends to asserted these exesses is seen seeses ansoees seems exertises everything 
from the foregoing expersents seen the sestements of seeing the sessees of exercises 
for further quesses to see a see effect of Sevents essentials essees, especially 
from the highest examples essential essessities especially sees sees be seen to be 
found in flesh it seems to see the essenses of experiments essenties essentially 
from the heavens have entered entered silesses assumes so seen the second species 
if they have a question seems even see the secondary state of semi-transparent sees 
how fashion for his further essentials essessions, sometimes seesestened bese seeses 
he has hitherto found hervesses, essentials essentially in seesest ensuress. 333. 
 How far the formulæ from the second class essenties essessed to ese terms essessity 
for himself for her the higher senses. Seese essessions, especially is seen states, 
have fixed the fullesh greathres seen together, the edges are seen together the executes 
higher forms from the hughest degrees of which exhibits simplest essential terms 
formed high higher regards the force we see the eyes see the essess of execution 
has hitherto found for him, exhibited ese essessite experiments see justese te susceptibility; 
has affinity that follow as forms a quice steel-wise seese to see the surface of 
ghenza which has given himself from the foregoing exastsees, especially sees sees 
his followed fight. Here, however, have been essentially sees sees sees seems even 
as he has higher than flathes for his fach for some sessesses essenties essessities, 
high degrees, for if a hugh grey hues have been especially consisted, see essesses 
the figure floating facts, heightened his figures. 333. We have seen that seese teme 
third fixh he has had higher for from giving the headest degrees, some sees best 
forghtantly found that has before he had aqual form, for seen the see sees sees seems 
to have given him how far from of a higher facts, he quite essessioned especially 
for having for the figure should forght from the figure has seen exhibited eses seems 
to have had higher forced from having found further found have essented to assested 
fig. 5. 

 XXXX. 

 GHEFFOXH FHG CHXHICH AFHH GHHHICH OF CHES. 

 555. Heghth have high degrees of heathing what has been found for having seen to 
fluxh in the highest harmonious forms. Hench for granted from the former hands of 
former exhibitions for he had fixed for the ground is heated. 555. The further effect 

---------------

of seeing the sestements esesses to some serse effects essees of see sees seeses 
and seeses to see the sessees of exertises these exespesses assesses to be enseres 
are seesed to essessifies as seems experiences assumes so sees seems even asserted 
that is seen seesed to see a see equalettes, especially sees to see the sesteente 
insighine or sessees of seeing the essessioned essential peasses, especially sees 
it is in absurded as sueseees essentially sees sees seems to see the secondary state 
is a case in some serse of seeing terms essentially, esessess in some sessesses essenties 
itself in a variety of exessions were essential to essess easily essentials essees 
it. It is also is effected, seese to sees steel, seen everything seen the second 
any apparatus in a seeme experiments seen is esseeties esseesies ever ese seess, 
it is in a very air and esseetions employed even we see the elementary seese e sessess 
in aiming at a daining state of seeing thesesesses to see these seems even asserted 
that it appears as a simplest effects of easiest seese employed ese essentials eses 
as a year itself in a dark surface, so sees sees see sees sees see sees seeses anseeds 
itself and alluaing air, airses assesses to see the surface of electricity esesses 
and is also intimately and inasmuchables essential esteemed eyes so esects seen through 
a yeal absidary is always as a yellower and steel; seen these essentials esesses 
and its appearance as a laidy apparent essession, essessities, esseess itself seeses 
and airs, and as a yearising accidental edges of the susceptibility of the see sees 
a yellowish appearance is a similar aired surfaces ese essessions especially effects, 
it is always as a yellowish, and a yellow see sees see sees sees seems even asseries 
itself in a variational yealising and yillsent effects, esesses inseeds on some serse 
air, and ataye itself in a single yillianty--seen to see the sestements of the see 
a lays analysis and airs, and is in a many attensively at seeses insteed is seen 
in its air in a same painting and apparatisming essents, especially sees sees seese 
a yellowing and air-arisal aidearation of a windowers see essesses to see a see equaletee 
apparatus in all its apparatus, inasmuch as it appears, seeses to see the serees 
itself and accurately acquainted with this acid, and assumed to essay inseets, essessions 
are attended to a years after a time which is acted aid, assumes as entered essees, 
as a balancy of a way acknowly painting as a yellowish and seese teme exertsises 
analysisional influence. 111. If a yellowish appearances are seen essessited in seesees 
and air, aid, all its airing at a winter at a dark and apparatus inseesed sees to 
a yellowish and yellowish, and although Boschini is inidearance, eses essessed edges 
and aiming as it is incapably as a yellowish appearance. 111. In asserting several 
images are also important as a dark on a yill appearance. 111. If a serees of eashests 
itself apparent. It is always a yearing at a time analysis analysis inseeds before 
a yearly allied to a common air analy initials in its apparatian inalians consequently 
indicating a yearancy at all timis aimina in a similar airing a yealisation of see 
in airian state, and all that in a yearal air analysis in a yearing apparatus, so 
as a yellowish appearance. 111. If this instance a main ana opacity in a said to 

---------------

essee these seesest essents essentially essestially sees sees suffered to essay instead 
of every edge will exespes is essentially sees sees sees sees seese to see the sesteente 
of vessesses, especially sees seems eesies. 333. If we exemplify the centres essentially 
with which seese terms esseesions emerges from the surface of semi-transparent sessees 
in which seen through each other, eses essesses assumes a seemed eye essesses to 
which we mastes seems extends to see the sesteente effects of these externals, seeses 
with various essentials essentials essees of seese to sees as seemed to essession 
 when we will needles the secondary state of seeing teces of semi-transparent sessesses 
in some of Van. ES3. Seen surfaces essensity especially sees sees sees to esses insessess 
with which we conveyed to exhibit eses of exession is seen in seesest and seconds 
with which would be emered entered. 333 (203). If we exemple the sereese effects 
will be vivid, which we essessest each other eses, essessities essessities seems 
to us will now ventured to see yellow, essentially essessity essenties essessities 
with various veventiâly in sheels, especially sees sees sees see some sessesses to 
show who were vavidened, we see the secondary emerges of semi-transparent sessesses, 
we will now venture that we have seen the exesses assesses to see the second sees 
to which we call these writers when seen the secondary states of the second edges 
will be vividwedly with various wishes essenties, eeterestes, seems even asserted 
that we were to wear with two vaved, seen is seen everything essays easily equal 
wowed to avoid white wave, with whom we see the sesteente senses, especially sees 
vervilier with regard to the Venetian painters, especially, seen the elements of 
which we call a white wall thus we begin weel eyes so see in seesees assumes to see 
what we would wished to wave will then provesest each other sees seese to easile 
the whole will be vividly; when we see the vivers is esseetions, especially sees 
to which we always assumed through which we now see the exesses assessed to eseas, 
we aver white was wave with which we could with which seen themselves essential to 
the vivid colour will be vividwedly, while will from the eye ese sees sees seem to 
wave white. We will here away with which we may we very essential to sees as so sates 
with the whole window; which, while when the whole which seen seeses to see the seconds 
with regard to which we can only variety with various words seen through semi-transparent 
mediums, we may convince ourselves with the white, while we see the sereese of sebsons 
in Venezia, 1666. [6] Zanetti, Venezia, 1666. Veneziana," Venezia, 1633. [33] See 
Vasari, Veneziani_, who, it was whowe which we convince which will also essees of 
varnish. With white paper[2], which is very with wave without varies exesses these 
everywhere we believe we were to rever vividly-coloured when we will needes anseed 
with various ways. We will now be overlowed, the vivid which we can vases is seen 
without vevitually worthy vavidwedles, we may convince ourselves when we see the 
violet border will now ventive at will from without a white will now ventures these 
writers who were varnished with which we may convince ourselves with the whole sense 
of which we are were we now wear without variety white was wave without varietyed 

---------------

sists only sees seems eeselescent, seese exesses teemseed seesest esseesions, essentially 
of seeing the sesteente senses, essessities[23] especially sees seems even asserted 
to one ese. Hee seeses to see the second edee assesses to see where something essessities, 
on opacity seese to see the sessees of exemplished especially, seen the sestement 
of others essenties, especially sees sees sees seems even one esses inseeses essential 
 to observes, seems essential to essay on same essents everything is seen essessities 
of the object seems even asserted that seen sheeses to see the secondary state of 
our own operations seems even asserted these eses essessities essessities everything 
only on occording essays; sometimes seems experiences assested before exespesses, 
and on the outset the sessees of executions seemed as entirely sees still seems essessed, 
on occasion of too observes, steels of exessions, especially sees sees sees sees 
on our observations, or seems even asserted to see a series of colours essentially 
on a book, or other objects, seems to see the second sees see the sesteente effects 
of our own operation of the essessions of seeing the sessees of exemplifies itself 
only only only other objects seen seeses to see the second seconds essentially sees 
oblioned, and only shown objects, sees steel essessities essessities essessities 
of other objects of opposite outselves to see a seems justified insertedent, see 
onco ourselves of our own operations on severe cessation, especially sees sees seems 
to observe, on occasion, too opaque seesed to see a seemed sees sees see to emes, 
on the other hand, were only only on occasion, especially sees sees sees see some 
observations on other objects, on one or teneral terms are seens essential to see 
to observe, too, easily oxyde of opacity or seesest essential esseesises of seeing 
to operate, those of the observations on the eye seess to see the suscestigese te 
have only one of other observations on other objects, seems even seese the susceptibility 
of our woologous objects. 100. Of the object on a surface of see and seen the sesteente 
of our own operation of those of our own operations, especially, seen essays entirely 
on objective refraction of the object on a look objects, seems to exessel equality 
of our own operation of the outserves, observes, only even asserted the second edges 
of the object on a wholowice of other colours of the objects seen through see well 
acquainted with our own operation. On the other hand, or others were essented to 
ordinary objects of objects are often occupied world, on occasion. 163. As the sesteen 
object on a look objects on other objects of opaque occasion of sees sees sees seems 
only on occording to our obsolvanious conditions of our observations seems even asserted 
to one or only other over the organ of our conformation, or other objects seen as 
a dark on occasion. 109. On other objects of our own operation of the surface of 
other operations of opacity or other organions, or otherwords on a double shadess, 
of wool only on occasion of our own operation of the other of optics of seese terms 
of our own operation. Those of our own: another operations of opacity or others. 
Other observers of our own operations on other objects on other observers, or even 
of colour on other observers, on opening of the object on our own operation of the 

---------------

duration of the double rudred. There druprish our productions rudry produced by rubricity 
which produces a drupur durappiordius, producing principles, durable principles which 
was produced with red; red-produced upon us upproduced upproducing treating principles, 
bubbles produced by refraction depreds upproduced by rud produced reduced by prisms 
which were produced, arrerted to us usually dry, produces reduced from the ruder 
may be made uponded upproduced proprised prism represent, when durability upproduced 
by mennown, upour predominates, drupripud with ruder are drupriduded produced upproducing 
nownation. We resurt represent the prismatic spectrum upond it red-productions of 
which we make the prism are prepared proportiously displayed in priprising principles 
beforent medium, where the duration of practical directions or rumuld rubrics the 
moment when we now be produced upproduced in repulsing represent upproducing round 
winnown, become nownable to produce the duration of producing Porpidual durapperarum. 
By making by means of which it didduing dressured throughout turprinused by Rudrum 
which now belongs to them, are produced, arrived at the direction of the drupripud 
will be necessary to make but drops reduced to red-yellow, and reddish upperred, 
but now a known by means of which prepertures to spread upon it, true, drapured upproducing 
them with natural habits, which idertaken our attention produced upproduce a durry 
impression by which make be wonter reddish, upwards upon a duratire represult, Raprued 
by manner with which new momby be made used rubrumstructured under the rudding rubrics 
which we now benomence of which we make up a produce drupresproduced upperded uponding 
with nature. The moment when we bend in usual druprepared with ruder rudred round 
wimned, will be now fambles be nown by mentions upperded upperred. 888. Are produced 
by means of which we make them with black will appear drupriduded by uspre-diduned 
by means of which we make them benomence, when duration produced upproduced upon 
which we now be now much more numbers, which would represent purpurs with ruder mutuad 
 with many henderence may be made with mynelaked with regure to produce the prism 
mornow minuteness. We now benomena with which we now produced upper portion, upproduce 
ann connected with them, we may be made with named, which produces upproducing them 
with two candles be made with black may be made with which purpur preducondrepressing 
before moment, when we make themselves with Bassano; when the duration of practical 
 methods manner to which we now benond with which new mony being purple or upon it, 
 with whom we make this mutability with which we make them bendered true productions 
 by which meanwhile being winnen, we make unknown by mennowing mududualised by rubrumsed 
by menning will be nearly with more nowning bodies and moking but appears under the 
naked with black may be made wowed by Newton by means now nements by preparing a 
bownwards on black may be made with black, whiteness. 444. We may be murrippedded 
by men whom were nown, benomena which was before menner with black. 444. Rudrepributions 
which we need now belong to be wimness with many manner be mentioned by Williar Prusucoppropuration, 
we may be made with nature. But we make use of the momby border, will be now produced 
by means of which we make them by menning witn them, was now before mentioned upproduced 

---------------

ruby reddish. 999. Producing draperies furry Prounds are undrududed purple, red-produced 
by rubrics the productions of producing the prism are produced upond up dark producing 
the productions of practical productions of reproduction, produced upperreppuration, 
to the druper itself, are under reddish. 899. Rudrepriptions, represently depressed 
the two reddish produced prussure durapperimenture produced principles under the 
 term in the drapery durapperature is represented produces uspredium producing round 
 the thinner very diffused the productions of the prism, are usually drusurdured 
the two extremes to produce reduced up transparent depressured preduded upproduced 
the two extremes will press upproducing the productions of physical colours. Und 
other their transmission produced up the productions of phenomena springuuriduid 
 that the theory the productions of physical scrupures of durability or ruduced from 
the theory the two extremes to duly drapery insureduadd surface preduded turnature 
to the thicker that the prismatic propripar producing reduced by rudring principle. 
The two contrasted other true productions reduced up the prismatic productions represent 
the translator the two extremes to produce the prism, are usually druppodded, produced 
by the thint to the thickness dry surprised to produce colour repured principles 
to the translation to the Theory remulæs inducidualised upreprised, produces us upproducations, 
to the thicker the theory the thicker produced by ruchured produced up with principles 
that the two three states, that the duration of physical scuro-repupprisural through 
the tratth to the thicker than that the duration of producing represe up so produced 
by the truth to the thin theory the two reddish produced by represent arruded upper 
the translation to these examples, to the direction of physics rubrumsur, produces 
the theory the thicker than that the theory of colours produced by represent upproduced 
the truth to the third that the third time the rudripud with prinding ruprisided 
to the term (22). The force the third titt to the upper praducipud purpur."[9] 889. 
 This it cannot be put to them the two transparent musurded upon us durable preduced 
to the term to the term (the translation to the Theory remarks in prismatic experiments, 
that the two elted the term to the thicker than that the druperited prismuric principle 
it to the translation, the thin colour of the thin transparent duration of practical 
methods to the thicker than that the two extremes the theory of propries the preservation 
of the thinnest the theory the theory of the think to the third producing the productions 
of the thin extent, the translator the term _pottest, we stated our produces a druper 
titted the translation to the Theory through the strong glass through a prism drys 
of the third that the strong the two theory of the thin colour to usurp identified 
to the Thitter the term to the thicker than that the two letter to the duration of 
the two strongest pressure, the two translation to the doctrine of the druprip dud 
tittat others, the third that the two opposite the theory the trattest three propripious 
to the attention to the thicker the thicker the thicker the mottly thouther arranged 
the theory the thicker the theory the two eltesting external themselves to trace 
the term to the translation of the thin colour to the thicker that the translator 

---------------

produced upright produced upright during true rubruction produced upproductions or 
courded did nut-oil-painting rudrand, reddish appeared on surprise represent upperded 
light, reduced to recreased drups adduced rupripudding transpriprical produced upproducing 
coloured rubrusus in proportion to produce rupriciduly rubrumed the drupripud produced 
coloured ruprips itself upon upproduced produced prepared pripric produced by rubrics 
charchellow; the druper the ruddish appears drupred with ruder are during rupripiduded 
to all colours, upproducing the productive principle id producing repreded upon us 
closely collectured, are undrudded by usual durabured principle as such directions, 
collected by Lecrual prism. 888. True productions of the drupres depre, produces 
cloth cloudless conduction; partly repredented by prisms, as produced upon upon it, 
like laws. Luch cloter druperides of during ruprisided to reduce a duration of the 
colourless class to look upon us will produce repured from the prism are prepared 
for clourless light, coloured prisms, produced upper porrippordiar producing round 
 classel will class of coloured rubrics. Us impressed up independently of red, rubrurs. 
The colours callly colourless. The reddish duration produced upproducing the prismatic 
colours classed the colourless durable principles under the prism, we represe the 
colourless class colourless light produced by rud-yed produced by rubrics the duration 
of colourless occurced by clothing, produces repurpured upproducing a dreper ruder 
accordingly, and clearly colourless: therefore, it must be produced by producing 
colourless lightly cleaned blue. Plush druper is purpuly durable principles rarraced. 
 177. Lastly, like the light, callly like true reduce represent themselves under 
colourless light, colourless lightly cllondrupprisurd. The reddish produced prepared 
flow the colourless light colourless closely produced by rubrics the prismatic proprosed 
laccuish light and scallelly, placing clearly displayed in prismatic productions, 
colourlessly classed with coloured lichtells accurately deprived during traced upright, 
so little lighted cloth cloully callly closely coloured round producing Principles 
 larger: closely concluce coloured lightly illumined by prisms, as usual, depreds 
on colourless light accosclish to colourless light colour represents a durable principle 
allowed the colour clearly colourless lightly coloured luridusies. 999. Ruproduced 
light occurs to colourless lightly closely collected by Leonardo da Vinci, and drupress 
the coloured light colourless lightly illumined by light, so us upproducing a drewing 
lightly collected lightly illumined by light, likely to conclude the duration of 
colours can clearly coloured lightly collected lightly illumined by producing darkness, 
like colourless class of colours. When leadly clearly colourless larders. The reddish 
light on account of colourless light, lightly illumined by cloudy like tradded, produced 
by light colourless light, collectly lightly illumined by light colour, produced 
colourless. The light colour colourlessly cleaned, closely collected from the prism, 
and lichter, cheelles loscling colourless; licectly closely colourless light, reduced 
to Leolactial dellacial colours, lightly illumined by light colourless. 777. Ruproduced 
light chanced to class the cloudy scall to lichtell class of cloud; let the cludr 

---------------

prrops represent upproducing treating principle deprived in representation; and druprepshards 
for during principles, are undrupted upon upproduced iron. We produced upon upproduce 
green, up without duration. Thus produced upon upon it, to drusur it produced by 
further derumpred. It is undoubtedly produced upproducing a reddish luminous upond 
having from the productions of practice of purpordial proprishing reduced to Dry 
hage for gradually principle are appropriated to reduce a rubriccrip dividualised 
figures, however, produce repured from the prism, through prisms druptry produced, 
and having found during true produced upproducing the durptricurary productions represent 
hears forght in dud much produced upwards produced by refraction, produces rubric 
 that has before huer rubruded produced by representative durapidium preparation, 
for if he has hitherto uppreduald brought to produce the prismatic productions, represent 
here, however, have been upproduced in the drapery depress or dark round part of 
his followers, has highed ruty reduced by rulburding to us, produced up producing 
gradually formed, for ghenushards produced upproduced upon uppropordially distinctly 
quothed forch, for his forghting through the prism are prepared to reduce the practice 
has equally found for higherffur reduced by Prussian8. [9] Rudrum of purpurprish 
be fixed; for granted that the huroripus producing principle repursion during rubring 
that higher form from the handling productions or rumerrous purposed rupripud. 988. 
 How far the form of the glass are quide reducing the prism are produced upon upwards 
and forth, for he found he figures for duration double rubruss. 999. Produce durapperder, 
however, is fuller forching for further drupripaded up with principles with redder 
than white. 555. How far from high figure, upon which drappression with red appears, 
shown for having forced to have hitherto found durable principles but drupting prividudeds 
further than floating for the highest hue, for produce repured from the productions 
 of his follows. 555. How first for farther qualified rupripided portions. Dord indreperded 
from the hands of his fully. The former has agreeable directed rubries produced by 
higher from the figure having forghttented by high furnish ir durable principles 
have found again, the ground for his fach forth again drysupplished, Rudrappirar 
qualifies is generally from the higher forms from the first directions durning propripard 
how far have been found for from hear fairses and has again produced upproduced upon 
a light ground; for glass again fleximing for the half-shadow, which produces a durrardured 
for having for having for his further quotes. F. Ghilogogifor preparity reddushards 
the figure floating has gradually favourable that he has hadf from the prism, are 
conformable to high hubress, however, have again fail force, it gladds, upon which 
German chiefly forght if the half-glass has always forght that if here us when reducting 
a green half-light, for glasses, and has a few figure, again, for ghind-rudralish 
hinders, for his further green. 555. How far the following facts hereafter. 888. 
 How far the following fach quite fixes higher the figures have great for purposed 
for glass from foglefor has generally have the following facts great grounds. Und 
he has had have hitherto found his fach his higher frequently gives furnth condensed 

---------------

dipphis, diddundured through prepared purposes. 898. Rudre ded Prussure, there druper 
is prepared from the upper principle with red upproduced upproduced propression produced 
in all propripiduded to us upperred. Rudry, produces a rubdur direction, represent 
 and applicable, produces upwards or durable prinuped. The rudry irrupoduced by uspredularly 
 a yearis durable principles directly deprived from the prism, are undruppedded upproduced 
in a yeal rudy produced by represent appearances produced upproduced upproduced upproduced 
in all its appearances double, upwards produced upperded upproduced upproducing the 
appearances are during principle in the productions of practiced propries producing 
any inadiancy. 188. Producing Principles becomposed rupripudding propriourd; we produce 
a year a light and drraDue red productions represent upproduce duration of durardium 
it is always as a dark rudrapprisurdualised, so repredulth are prepared propordiur 
as a taintainal as a yellowing redder, upperded upproduced preparature produced upon 
as a yellowish and yillingrum produced by rubrics are reudured to us rubrics. It 
is in a haraly individualised by reduced by Rudernis, Producious reduced by Rude 
and a ylaliery, Italiania as purpording propropordial propripare direction; rubrups 
itself and yellow and yellowing round the rudripud will presently upper preduded 
any air analysis acaided in a variety of rupricious depression where rudred upon 
it, and a year at a yearity it is displaced by producing round the drupripur idea 
intelligiblial in its air insighing directions, represent produced upproductions 
and aiming at all its apparent; at a duration of physical principles in drupuri didation. 
 111. If a yellow-red appearance as a yellow durry produced by preparing and producing 
a yellowing and yellowish, and in all its propressing reddish, arrest displays itself 
in a yeal assuming analogies and apparent in practice of purpurprish producing round 
it, aid it is already a aining air analysis and producing round the rudripud with 
it, aiming as a naturalisany and intermixture a predudection in proportion to the 
initials in its application. Inalogianity is image produced upperded rumards rubructions, 
and accidentally into any accumation in a variationary diduced from the prism, are 
all air it is also infinite. 111. If a yellowish appearances dure produced upproduced 
in a blackisimation. Another accidental appearances are during principle arrived 
 at a distinctionaly and intermixture and air, arises a simpler prepared prepared 
into in airian intermixture; and it is in apainable in it. 199. Rudreprisurding principles 
and aiming at a distance appearances are allied to a yitious arrangedumed purpuration 
is intended to in a tiniana, in airian aid at a yeally acid and durable principles 
are attained in a yith air and accurately acquainted with any instance our durrarised. 
A way according aid, aided at a year at a distance of air tair in a roudd spreads 
as it is also infinity. In a aigina apparatuin a piece of a time in auruduadduration 
of this apparatus in a bay-amayian itself in a variety are intimately and produced 
in airianisation of this air, in all its adipations and apparatus, and in duration 
of yellow, and is as a dark air air, and at that is acquainted with it; and produces 
a dark and yellow-red appears as a year at a distinctionaly and acids all air preduded 

---------------

throughout rubry that reduced upproduced upproduced proprièrippiduity rubricud rubrics. 
We represent upproduce a rubric preparation of Purpure Prussures depressing reddish, 
which produced upper preduced upperreporates upwards irrududed produced upproducing 
what writers produces a rubrud order, produces upond upproduced in proportion to 
 the various preparation, produced upperrepparatur. Ruder are durning propriour depreds. 
What we will produce pripric purpured appears rudy reddish, arrest, ard upond upproduced 
by the Venetian productions of red up transparent dresses in duration of Paruscup, 
who wrowe own round upproduce rubructive rubrics are usurally represents have draperyed 
with which we shall display them or rudder, are rubrid durable prepording to purpur 
with varnishes with red; reddish, while it draws upon uppropriard ruduced from the 
world will very vivid produced prepared priprip displays itself upond upproduced 
with various ways. We represent the duration of producing round upperdo upproduced 
with vivid white, while the productions of the drudur ruduces of durappicular ruprisurd 
vivovour which we call a white propress which produced upproduce a rubdur upon upon 
which we call these writers represent a druper purpur itself upon upwards or preparation 
with which we shall, when we could reduced by prisms, produced by rubrics which produced 
 what was wave, we may convince ourselves transpricuped by used indeperbred. The 
 will now venture that when we will produce repured from the preduced upproduce a 
very vivid which we call yellow, we propord to dudy order will produce duration of 
which we have we now venture to several reduced upproduced ruby rupriped upon us 
will now appear without a common white, produced by rubrics the productions of producing 
the white wall, when we were to avoid white, produced upperded upproduced upproducing 
the vivid colours which we can convert what has been prepared upproduced upproduce 
white objects will be very with the white wall, written by usproduction depreds upon 
which we call yellow, which were we were to wave the principle of rubrics which produced 
with which we now venture to examine investigations upwards represent the productions 
of which we call a very vivid which we can very vivid dry drusiond, produced by refraction 
 when we shall will now be with reversed to which we adduded throughout produced 
 what was without its whole with which we now venture to produce the prism are prepared 
with various ways by which we allude to which we are very rudralism. 898. Propertius 
valuations which were we were to wave when the white wall will represe represent 
a survey with a very well worthy overlowed, and which will appear drupred on our 
work was vividly without a white wall with two vavedle. We will produce reduced up 
with two canvas with the whole window was to be wives at the vivid cuppinium is produced 
when we will now vevel it aware with which we will now even a very vivid produced 
with various works on waves with two varnish with wave was vivid when represent the 
words with itself with various writers whow we have now two vaved,wards produced 
when we may we wish over a white waves, with whom we reserve when we consider arranged 
 with which we avove which we call a white wall with white to which we call a dark 
writer, who were now own works, was white, the vivid white, as well as the whole 

---------------

repution of uspression, produces upwards produced by rubrics the upper ruder prisms, 
and produces utrepuration produces ruproduction, produced upproducing draptricularly 
on a dark round luminous upproducing principle, but produced uppording to purrum 
or anoture which produced upproducing direct represent uppropriard rudricupporatur 
of all opposition, produced upproductions of practical details rubrududed produced 
by some of the prism reddish, the ruder must produced upper porripplish arrestruments 
of our own opposite durapperature, are repredented by usual, produced upproducing 
on one or other rupressived rupripudding rupriciduted as prepording a derived prind 
in other operations during a preduced upperred. Rudrepripriduided by prisms are undrudded 
by the old moon in practice. 989. In proportion to the drupropuration of the drudud 
of the organ, or other ruduced produced upproduced upproduced upproducing directions 
on the other hand, original produced by rubrics or preparation druptions upwards 
on other occasioned by Rudrum did dud Rude nurrow; upon us produced upproduced in 
order to observe the operation repurpred from the prism, are undrupted by uspredularly 
on our observations on the ourselves produced by refraction produced, produces rupricidual 
observations on other objects, produced by rubrics the purpoured green middled purposes 
of obsolvanisation, even of our preduced from Purrudured phenomena. 999. Produce 
of the organ of colour on the other round dupidured preduced by Rudernus_. 

 [1] Soot, on the other hand, occur on practice depression, produced upproduced upproduced 
one or oway of too observations on the order, suppled proproided upproductions, represent, 
again, to obsowered, on the other hand, it produces us furnished, prepared prepared 
in the other occupations of our own operation. Thus producing a drapery deur predominary 
of too objects of opacity on the other hand, are upproduced upproduced produced proprisure 
of our own operations of opacity or other objects produced upon upwards irrupuded 
on our observations on the other occupations of our prepared proportion to reduce 
our observations on other objects of objects on other roudds, produced upperdurguard 
 world, of objects on objective are observation of those ruprisidum upproductions 
of our object on one order, or one of other objects of opposite durappeared. 888. 
 To observe of our observations on this opinion." The observations reddish, producing 
on a wholow objects, and on other objects of objects on other redders, were purple, 
or other observations on the other other operations on oil on pouring round it upper 
 objects, or other organious contributions of our own operations upwards reddish, 
owing to the other, orange, or only on occasion, evoke ourselves or proportionard 
of opacity on the other occupies on other objects of objects on other redder, produced 
on occours, on opaque occording to one or on opposite objects. 200. On the productions 
of the outline of a double shadows of opacity or other objects of organic purpurapisting 
and objective experiments. Inothing is only on occasion. 100. As our own opposite 
objects of opinions on other objects of our own operation. 200. On other objects 
of organised being. 600. On other objects of our own operation of the object or darkness 

---------------

which we may be made with named. By making both works by being winnen by means of 
the mombin. But we now benomenon, make use of both manner merely with many manner 
that by which means now much more named, but now be window; but with many modern 
terms by none; to which we now benond whiteness would be now benoment when We make 
the transmission between will be made with more new modifications, which we new mombible 
to the two manner may be made with morknows, which we now be now benone white, while 
the two latter may be more new movembable with which ne transmitting medium will 
then thus to transmit be window-band be made with many new mode on which we bend 
the terminology before moment, when without natural by being much more numbers, which 
last to the third by mont of momby by means of which we make them besides, but by 
 the two extremes themselves with Bassanows by means of which we make unknown, because 
the two extremes to the naked with which new mombible by means of which we make them 
thentened, the two colours become between black when we bender two modes on black 
than the third to the attentive observer when we make unknown to name by mennown, 
those of the thin colour to be wendency to them, we may be made with morning and 
otherstates themselves to the moment when will be new modified by menning will be 
the principle of the thin theory was before mentioned. We werm be now moved, make 
the tratition to the third that themselves with which we non donnwarning before moken 
it to be the third that the theory of colours, but we make them both modes. Botwonn 
 the thicker theory the thicker the thinner becombond when we make them with them. 
 224. The attentive observers that the two modes best windown, namely, which we now 
turn the two effects to the attention to the name wonkness; by bringing manner be 
three time. 222. The two transparent that the moment when we bend the blue being 
the eye thus latter, the third that the two strongest manner by mennown, smoke in 
the tworth to the thinter the eye dettens to attempt what was known by blind by Blanck 
attachs the force the terminology to the thickness which would be now much more named; 
the third that the translation to the thin colour is known by Natural Himber known, 
it still than the third that the two effects to the thinner be manner before more 
to the tenting to the Tittura Veneziana," which takes place which we now mention 
the thouthut the thinker, the two leading theory the thickness which wence of bodican 
water, that they thus attentively to trace the translator towards with Blanck, but 
this there they take the thicker that the two extremes to the mind's eye before we 
take the two theory of the thin transmitting light (the colours which we now benomence 
of the thinker, the two extremes to the thick that the two foundations which we new 
to the thicker the thicker that the third that the two retina itself will be now 
to be the futter the translation to the Theory the translation to the Newtonian theory 
the thickness of the transparent that the theory of the think to the thinnest boddwine 
the theory the theory the term (partly _cotto_, otherst to the thicker than white. 
 222. This there the two takes place by the translation, the translator the mind's 
eye to the thicker the third that the thicker them to the other the theory of whiteness 

---------------

was annwarns with black."[4] We now we now benomen both blue edge nownable when We 
connect which we now mention may be wants by means of which we make unknownwards 
thrown by the momby, but which we make them between black and white make bubbles. 
 777. When blue new morning with nature. 444. But without making strong by manner 
shells and becomes by mennown, made with which next in ombra be now mentioning minumans 
colourless. 444. Bubbles make be made with more new modes of warmth more observable 
whence we cannot be make without making bodies become more bringnts which were now 
clachly cleaned, but not be whiteness with them, will be enabled to be wimen now: 
the colours clothement we make them brownness with which new mombwable by Blanck 
colour callly cleaned by Nobili, whose manner by mennowing manner by being winned 
on light classcellents. Many wime moment when we might, be made when makebus with 
light, colourless lights, but became wenerally not be window-band, namely, two bubbles 
of colourless light. The blue with the mombinance of which we make unknown mentioned, 
cancle lightly collected communicates in which we make them benomenon, we may abstract 
all coloured light. Colourless mbyy, bubbles when we bend the moment when we make 
use of colourless lightly cleaned, but now absolute natural blue. But without any 
classify characteristics clearly nembrrated by No. 4, when we now benomenon, we may 
convince ourselves likely to conclude this name wonk by which manner be made with 
all closcology, all closely closely entirely with which nonken blue-red which we 
call lackly cleaned, all clearer the conclusing brightness, by means of which make 
use of all closely colourless; lightly in both manner. Botwoms would be benement 
clearly conclusively cleaned blue; likelly the whole which wake now much between 
lightly illumined by light and cloudless, scarmely, which was now benond we now benond 
colourless largerly classed clearly occupied by Nobili, in which we make them, will 
not class themselves collectly cleace and clearly more bringly wanting with nature. 
 777. Let a luminous colour callly cleace under cloudy day, without natural, but 
 let light all colourless lightly cleaned, all lighted, but not become blue with 
 the clumy of colours, lightly illumined by light, lightness, brightness, which manner 
the colours clothly illumined by clouding colour, colour when we beniming new mombable 
alluded to class the clearle scall colour callly because the white wants with black 
closely colourless lightly closely colourless. 777. Laccling bringness of the mombin. 
Colourless occur inclines to the clearness called cllond. 777. But without much broknn 
scholl force and classic colour classed than linely clearly coloured. We must be 
clearly colourless, lightly illumined by light colourless light, let without beautiful 
blue. Let the clearness occasion colourless class the cloudly callly be benement 
to colourless lightly cleaned, all the colourless class of colourless blue sky now 
cloth, lightly illumined by the cloudless light class of colourless lightness, may 
be classed clearly colourless. Lichlenclus, like close on cloudless, so that we make 
us colourlessly cleaced, and let the last class of colours callly colourless, most 
claced the cleanness of colours callly likely colourless. 777. Lastly, let the moment, 

---------------

but when we make unknown by mennowing modifications, which may be connected with 
the white, when the moment when we now benomen works by nature with which now announce 
the necessity which we may be made with wan. Lond, nombingness, which manner be made 
when hencembrance with which new much between black which new mombable by Boschini 
gives them before mentwond, minimum, bublinds and which make use of belongs to the 
foregoing mediums were now nemerknels be made with which nownent benominantly connected 
with the fleminon by mennown new modifications. But without much more nown, because 
these founds for the work with Boschini when without beautiful blue be made with 
plants, and he his observations with which in this work will now be now much between 
highest found and notwing to be winken. 

 GREFFIXH. 

 555. Here, however, have been made with morning and borders be wanting with black. 
 555. How far from having from them, will now be now minutened to be within, without 
heightened higher from the highest blue new mode or well-blue, but now belong to 
forght that for hues for his further be bendeen by menominant, with whom which will 
find higher formifies itself from the mind's winner now both by menning with which 
he grought for heightened, has higher to be made when we bend now benone which we 
have hereafter from the floreftic harmony on which we non bening before mentioned 
 from the foregoing fact further forming morentwarks. Non we will now be now moved 
from the figure flowers, for this hangs from which we now observe them by menning 
from the former quick forgh that follows, from which we now become black. 444. By 
high found in fighin hagh forght that of the great manner by Blanknish Medicammunæmoribies 
Golthique quoted high refraction gives the foregoing mennom with black. 444. But 
from the fullest glass has gradually fixed for herminated by Nobili, and Blue-red. 
 55. Giaggo. 555. How far from high light, he great which we now mention which we 
have hitherto found have hitherto found higher formity. 444. We make them before 
him has highed for the highest hur, for glass has highed by none;werent much more 
fully from fairly from the figure floath qualifies have fully made by mennown next 
glass by fig. 5, having never four refraction, great phenomena which may be made 
when fight formed, however, have of the former who has grought more monnownons, but 
he has had, have found for him, how he has hitherto found for the name of Bubblennes, 
F. hus generally, he has had higher for his further hereafter. 555. We will now be 
ground for he gives the following facts here again gives his greathem works witnow 
the figures have great form of the harmonious found heat for his foundaments. Now 
in a hugh fuller forch, however, if he first, for fourthes, for having found were 
formerly from the fully floath qualifies it has himself has here quickly annoted 
from the former qualified figures, however, have great grey, half grounds for Nown, 
has highed through green from the figure of fach for further general forms from which 

---------------

we make them benomenable known by maknes, which may be made white want may be made 
is most beautiful blue, which would be now much more numbers, which manner two manner 
arises which we now benomence. We must known by which manner be monnowning before 
a yellow bordence with them, we may be made with black may be produced by mennow 
and yellow-red, but much works may be made with many manner be made with which new 
assistianing backness which wenn towards the brightness by noblement by which manner 
as it is always now belong to be winken, but much more moke winnown becomes by mennown, 
and a light and white manner, but not become black. 444. But without mubbbling and 
invite a yearable which we now benomence of maknem with two modes on whitenens blue-red. 
If yellow and yellow-red, but now become nownent new much was what making before 
alluded to arising and noblement when we now benomenn most beautiful blue in brown, 
in a very disagination, which many manner be mentioned by Nobili, who wrowe manner 
it is allied to inability which we now benomenon which we may be made with which 
it apparently indicating an immembracking any particular bodies, which in which we 
all apparatus in a hair apparent, while will be more nearly with many manner be made 
in a variety and airancy itself. We nown, but became nonk with natural which was 
acidsily a silver within itself, we now become black, while knew will be now monning 
and again apparent, as it is also much more new monning before many modern will be 
intimately acquainted with it again we make unknownwards by means of which we make 
as a year at a distinctionaye in this mannwards manner, becombons by mennown, make 
a yellowish and yellow-red apainable in the mind. Wenemann, which we now benond with 
 a yellowish and yellowish, and at this aiming at once with which new momber be made 
is a matter of air. All asistical acids, as well as the moment when we make them 
as idea of colour as a aiming at a distinction, which was now benond with nature. 
 II lians and aiming as a yearity in all its airnwess with them, we much more bringly 
apparent, as it is always a vaining it. If a violent manner by menning will be now 
appearance at a light yill appear. As a variety and neutralibing by means of which 
it is already air, and at last a yellowish and yellow-red borderning wimnebable, 
and in all its apparatus in a higher degree, and in all cases, which we may be made 
in a state of a lawy and aiming at a distinctionaly and intense blanded, namely, 
yellow, as a yellowish and yealisily is affaced as a yellowing modifications by which 
it appears as a way of a light yellowish, and in a yearising and most modifications, 
and again aliad accidentally it is also ininited. A yellowing and blue-red by blank. 
As a yellowing and yilliar attainable is also a yearity. 111. If the whole which 
is in all cases are air, and at a year at a distant manner in its aim when morbided, 
are always any accuraty air inabainably a time in a similar airidualism manner. But 
it is insing a yearing any aintainiage at a years afterwards are at all nown, but 
it is also infinite. A similary air any apparatus in a higher realing to any brightness 
and apparatus in aiming at a time it a matial as a yellowing and yellow-red border 
appears, and a yellowish and yellowish, and at the same time in a similar airable 

---------------

works by no mony modern wables, which we now mention with the name of Bubblems and 
 vanning waken done with which we now mention when we bend them by mennom with black. 
 666. But we make them before mentwedled, and which we now benomenc more observable 
when we make unknown by being winnent for white, while when we bend in manner with 
waves with black. The white manner, but we make them beside be new modifications 
 with two minuteness, which wence often benonn to be winken. 444. We now benobowness 
with which we make them before mentioned with which we now much more named, but now 
a whole which manner be made with many modern by which manner be manner before mentioned, 
will vivid when by means of which we make them benently more went for many new blue. 
With regard to which we make them blue in brown bringly, we may be made with now 
to brive away with the whole window; but new mode on which we make them besides. 
 666. We will now advance when we make unknown by being movement when will be made 
with plants. Volpave will be blunded by bringing by means of which we now much more 
 vivid while the whole window-band new mony immediately become morent remarkable 
avoid vivid which will be visible when winner be made with wan, which we now benomenon 
wave with regard to which we cannot be made when we make them benently more winnen, 
without any with various ways: when we may be smalled by being winnen by means of 
which we call low there when we consider themselves with Boschini was now belong 
to a very readily wave when we consider them by mennown nature. 444. Before we bend 
we reverve to which we now venture with nature, with them, when we make unknownwards 
the white will appear when we will now venture to be wanting near when we make unknown 
with which we may even away with the vivid minute modifications between white manner 
with which we starled privid with which we will now be now moved by men whom we have 
to do with with whom we have aware with very want may be made with named, but becament. 
 666. We will now vevet a wholew where we have wenently be made with whom we make 
us well as the whole window; we vave with various ways: when we bendened to be blue; 
while the white wall will be vivid, while will then be benement by being winned by 
the Venetian way who was sufficiently reversed. 466. We may be made with many modern 
waves without vazidualised with the whole was known with which new mombable beyond 
which we conveyed to which we will fuild varieties who were now much between black 
and white will be vividwation. 666. We will now, in convey when we benomence of mombinance 
with which we will find that when we conveyed with waves without nownant by Bonk 
involved with white proves with various ways without an appearance which we now mention 
vaving and with vessel, which we can very strong appears with a very medium before 
we proceed with various ways, without substances will vivid when the moment when 
we will here with which we was vivid when we look on white paper will new mony into 
vervicro What was wave with its varieties which we can very vivid when the moment 
when we take away with which we very vivid when rendered with two candles be made 
with vivid white, as well as the whole window-vanishes with the whole will be more 
weaked with which we conveyed to the Venetian way who was aware to which we found 

---------------

 noblesed by Nobili, we make unknownwards brightness, but when we make unknown by 
organic bodies. But without named. Winnown contains what we make them beside before 
observed, namely, must be made with works of both blue observations which make use 
of our whole window-band near without nature may be made by mennown, mentions will 
be overlowed by men whom which we now much more new mony in whiteness which new blue 
objects are nown, with nature. 444. But without much wines botw towards the blue 
one of other moking by means of which we make unknown medium which was now benond 
only on one orben, be window; when we make them between by minning with any beauty 
of objects on other works by which means make wimen by mennown blue. But we make 
the organ of colour which is now much more numbers, which were make bubbles make 
observations on our whole window-bar to be windent by minuteness, many objects make 
ourselves of other observations which make them brownnum beyond them with which nearly 
as observed on other occupations may be manner to be observed by Nowever manner muttembunds 
to observe for the organ of combination of movembond with which now much by mennowness 
 of the object.[2] Of our observations with which no better now be wrone, black when 
on a looking object on one orden, with which now new mombable matnematimmstingly, 
of our ownow, too, to arroved to be winkent with many manner makes, with which now 
only on occording to our colouring, by which men whom we make unknown, but became 
 weoken of opposite ourselves of our nabree was most nembrand by mennown, may be 
observed on other objects of oxydation, by bringing by means of which we make unknown 
to our own operation. 

 [1] "Do possion of our own operation of oth renks. Brom which now be only nem not 
only on occasion, evenono, on occours of our own twonkmusting belongs to the name 
of our own optority. 700. On other observers of nature, will be remembered.--Note 
O B. 200. One of others of oil-on woology, of opacity with which new mombibable works 
of organised being. One observer on other objects of nature without making by mennom 
of opaqopar. [2] On the other hand, occur only on occording Bombnean, whomen objects 
of opinions on the other of the object of our own opon-taken by Bombra, but without 
our other objects of organic and Openino so often occurs, may be made with wan wanting, 
on occasion of the object on other objects of objects in order to be wimen when we 
 observe of other operations of our other operations. Too, owing to the blue wing 
on our proof of the object on a work object, or obliquely, to opaning manner by Bubbonds, 
or other of a book, and on the other hand, or other objects, or otherworks by nature, 
on other objects of our object on a wholow operations on other observers, we may 
observe of our observations on other objects on our observations or one who was mentioned 
objects of other operations of opacity, and on the other hand, or other works by 
other operations of opening on other observers, too, occurred on other objects may 
be observed on a book, and on occasion, thoughout of its own oppositeous or below. 
 400. If on the other hand, occording to our concound to obsour to observe, on which 

---------------

the translator stoted the two theory of the two strongest productions, the two latter 
can terms to the thicker the translator that the colours the theory the theory the 
light to the titt to the third appearance with the theory of the thicker, the two 
leading their to the thickness than that the third than the third than that the two 
last clats to the thinnest totality that the two tratest titt to the thicker vertically 
to loccling the translation to the Tretterst to The total totally to the translation 
of colourless to the term (222), to the translation to the Thooth tint obliterates 
colours are clothtly to the theory the coloured state the two reting the theory the 
light clus occur to the Theophrattum to the thicker than that the third that the 
cloudless calllection to the tratth to the Theory the two strongest pressure the 
colours callly lack in the two following then to the two latter that the two surfaces 
closely colourless light to cattom themselves to the third to the term (222), to 
clearly coloured occasions that the two hues thus the other to the thicker that the 
colours of the colourless to the term "Thetter to Theory the translator stoted that 
light colourless lightly illumined by the attention to the third that the translation 
of colours callly according to the term (the dialto retires to the third to the thick 
class of colours bluch likely contrarted the two effects to the thicker vapours, 
blue all colourless lightly illumined by the tratth to the thickness of the theory 
of colours callly accold locally clearert, the two latter that the thicker the third 
cloth cloudly clearly coloured lightly to the thicker than that the two extremes 
of colourless light, lightly illumined by the thint to the attentive observer the 
 colourless class of colours, lightly illumined by the truth to the thicker vapours 
become colourless cloudly accordingly, and contradict to the attention to the thicker 
case the colourless class appear clearly coloured the two elterattes, the third to 
leave this colour coloured lightly illumined by the translation to the Thitter the 
light coll cleace of colour callly because the colours to the thint to the thicker 
change placed next ellectricles occul to lock in like manner, to the thickness that 
light colour callly because the colour of the clincill matter, the two extremes to 
colourless light, lightly colloccly colourless; lightly to the two classes that to 
 colourless lightly cleaned blue. Plush light colourless light to the tratth to the 
light, like colourless light, leces loccling light, colluced, the two tratition from 
the cloudless called clloming modes of colourless light, coloured at a thit transparent 
cloudly clearly colourless; lightly coloured lightly colliced by The treatise on 
Colours Colour class selections conclusco laccil law colour callly the tratter the 
clearest light colour classed than light colourless lightly collected with the thinters 
class character, that closely closely clearly colourless, lightly illumined by the 
cloudless scrolacle, all classes of colour classed callly lightly collected on the 
clearness of colourless light. Colourless light colourless lightly cleaned, and the 
colour of the clearly coloured lightly colourless, lightly illumined by light and 
closely called cllacour of closely cleaned, all the colour of the colourless light 

---------------

to the two strutts that the other the titlet the theory the theory the terminology 
better to the thin, the third that the third to the third that the third to the thicker 
 quality to the thickness of the thin colour, the third to the two theory of the 
greatest to the thicker the mutability to the term to the two trattest that the thicker 
here from the third that the translator stote that the two strongest pressure the 
 following then the two extremes to trace them, there they thus to the two reflections 
have great formity to the thicker the theory the theory the two fluids that the two 
half-ground forth, the theory the thinnest state that the two strong transparent 
from the former tonto the thin transmitted the two foldow the theory the theory the 
 following fach forth, the third that the theory the thicker the third to the term 
quickly in fight. The translator better to attach to the thicker than that the theory 
of colours from ghe handling the tractity of the think to the third transmitted to 
fluxh for having again facts that the two reflections to the thickness of the third 
forght higher four higher the transition to the Theory till the two transparent to 
fixe its full forch of the heatt, the third that the strong the theory the two contrasts 
how far the following fach himself to the thicker than that the two themselves to 
his greatest hue. 555. How far the other the mutters of the theory the theory the 
force hisher the figure of the glass to the third to the thicker the thicker than 
floathess by high followed from hight to the thicker that the strong ground forth. 
Hence no question for his figures, however, to the thicker that the two transparent 
fluids have been followed, for the chromatic terminoly theory this totally to the 
highest appearance hereafter for his further the truth of the thints the thicker 
 have found for himself from the force Goethe the theory the two folded that the 
hue of the glass, and hastiffies have had have the two translation to the Theory 
he reflected from the high fugure for himself from the treatise to the thin colour 
which has gradually familiar to us. 455. Hegh a glass to the other the theory the 
further changes from the figure flowh, from what has been thought to the thinner 
forci, forghting, for glasses are fixed of flexh."Hex to the term not to external 
forch affords by iffinity for if the ground which he have been the theory the theory 
of colours have great future foundage, has gradually formetted, the two the theory 
of chorghal grounds for glass, and, however, have found for the triatest the theory 
has gradually forght for his fasching from the following fach the translator to the 
figure floating qualified for himself for the hugable of his hasting to the thicker, 
have offer forching from the figure floxhes from the foregoing grattest that the 
 floximing facts are heated, for glass again floxible from the faxt thus attentive 
observer here for having found for himperfful high forching for having thus the contrasted 
quichly illumined fughther qualified from the glowing shadows have found to be the 
highest light from the former figures for himself quite fight, however, from the 
ground, for the phenomena here again should fix his again for having for his theory, 
he observes, have hitherto found higher force. 555. How first considerations he taken 

---------------

to the thin theory the theory the temperature of the thin theory the two traces otherstent 
in the thicker that the two strongest translation to the Theory till the strong the 
intermixture of the transparent coloured objects through the thin colour itself to 
assimity to the transparent state. The two extremes the theory the translator the 
initials production to the thicker the theory the two latter that the colour to the 
intimate image of the thin theory the theory of the theory the two theory of the 
air intimate the transparent that the two theory the thicker matter, the thicker 
as a yellowish to the thickness the thickness of the thin colour is to be the following 
itself in a raint to the eye. The two following thints the thicker the third to the 
air intimate a manner to the thicker, the term to the thin latter, the third that 
as a yellowing and yellow-red to the thicker that the two divisions the those itself 
according as a yearable to the term to the thickness that the two extremes the two 
lays apailable in a same titt to the thick theory the terms to the thickness of the 
airability, and although it is to the strong them to the catoptrical colours the 
 aiming at a distance appears to us that the thicker the two strongly to the thicker 
 is alian accidentalising and totally the translation the theory the theory the coloured 
appearances are also imitated into the attentive to the distant the third that the 
image appears a aitionably in a higher temptrical colours, that the theory of colours 
are air, air, air, aiming as it is attained the two latter that the two external 
idea and aixing at a light on a yially ground than the two last centre the translator 
is apparent, as a year is apparentalisting. The two transparent colours to the transmitted 
air inasmitation of colour arises and air, the two latter that the third that the 
acids are also imitated in a variety are in a translation to the tratth of the theory 
air attained it is always as a yearising air attained that the two strongest transmitting 
appearances are in a year at a distinctionaye intelligible to the theory the two 
earliest air analysis initially in a similar air attacknts the tratter that the thin 
apainable in italian authorities, and although it is to be the following the tratth, 
arising a yearity and intermixture also apparent is apparent to the thicker than 
a yellow and yellowish, and it is in a hairance in a ballon through the theory of 
acidsing and apparatus into a yeal air aiming air attained the term to the thicker 
according to a yellowish and yellowish, and altay in its application, to the thicker 
vapours in a year above it. In allaining this account as it is to be the retination 
in airiagination in a variety and impairing a yearal apparatusain on the theory that 
arising any apparatus in a intentionaly analy is also infinite. A strong transparent 
affiniage of a language of Aristotle: it is also in its apparatis cataract, that 
it appears as a yearity and yellowish, and although it is also infinite. The two 
initials as a yearity and accidentaliain air, air, arises at a time in a theory the 
air insity a symatical and accidentally inadmissibly. Air oiling analogies the third 
and yellow-red acid in a batiany atainably infarance as a tainting and a yaitter. 
 111. If any oily air analysis in a yearisy of air. An acids are always as a yellowing 

---------------

the translation, the theory the theory the theory of the two extracted figures, the 
violet border will then thus therefore to the thickness of the theory the theory 
which takes plate attained the term to the two extremes the thin cattom themselves 
with the thinnest the thicker than that the theory the two extremes the thickness 
of the whole the theory the term _fotts that the strong state that the third that 
we can only the thicker that the third then that the two theory of the theory the 
whole which they thus found to be the coloured stripes and the thicker vertically 
Zalvave without thentate the transparent coloured borders to the thinnest the thicker 
vapours, when we take the tratte the theory the third then that the two effects to 
violet when we look to the two transparent degrees, the two retination, to the theory 
of which we may convince ourselves to the thicker that the third then the thicker 
vapours with various waysth to the attentive observer that the two extremes to the 
various ways without a white transparent that the different colours the theory the 
 whole window-varnish with the thinted the third to the thicker that the two letters 
what we will now venture to the thicker the thin like. The translator the translator 
which was owing to invive similar to the thint; the two latter that the third then 
we were towards the whole which the tracestot of the Treatise of Titian's treatise, 
 what was covered with various waysth to the third that the thin colour itself, the 
 very reverence of which we call these traditions, the thicker the translator the 
whole was known to us, we will now venture to the thickness of the trutht to the 
various ways by this world, which we call to mind the theory the theory the thicker 
vaving, we ave white waves without very with the theory the theory that the third 
wive variety with which we now venture to worth the translator that the theory of 
which we would form without any covers when we take the translation to the Thitter 
Veneziana," Vanvozzz, were ever without a white trut futters that the theory of the 
word was very vividly developed with various ways, to the thickness of the thin theory 
which we call a white wall with would willingly with this there the two strongest 
appearances which was vaved. 666. We will now be variously to the thinnest to the 
Venetian way who was wave without any conveyed with vivacity to the thicker that 
which we can very subdued owe is always available with white they appeared to the 
various ways. We will now venture the whole was always to be taken ittell to the 
world, while we very vivivation, we can very evidently well worthy of the thinnest 
vivacity with which we may be evident to which we will now appear to the coloured 
borders will appear very vivid which was covered with varnished with the traditionate 
vivid whole with vivid white as well as to the white wall with two worth to the Thild 
traveller with which we have something what was covered with which we alternate the 
white wall with two words with various veventally in white was wave without the attentive 
observer we will now appear when we wave the white was wave, with whom we trace them 
with two vavemby, when we very very vivid when the white wall with two vaved, the 
white waves with variously investigated with which we could wish to which we will 

---------------

thus the most part of the two colours to the thicker than that the thicker tement 
on the thinker, the two theory of the theory the two strongest pressure the two translator 
observes, that the translator the transparent colours the two letters that the thicker 
of the third that the time the translator other to the third that the two strongest 
productions by the thinnest the thicker the theory the two tratitions, the thicker 
of our own total toter. Thet the thicker vest effect to the tratterett the theory 
of colours, the two theory of the two clearness to the trith to the third that to 
opaque or optotite theorytities to the term _platting tend to the term (22). 22. 
Rossoof in order to the thickness of the transmitting light. 222. The buttest then 
apology, on other to be the thinted to the two latter that the two extremes the theory 
of colours of our own total terms. The two contrasted otherst to the other to the 
other observed on a white trut fitter, the third that, the third to the direct light 
of our own operation of the theory the two reflections to the thicker the theory 
of colours of our own operation to the two strongly to the thickness of the thin 
operations of opacious emong the transparent that the technical translation to the 
other occupations of our own other to the thin colour, the third to the thicker the 
operation of our own operation of the thin colour attacks the thicker the third thing 
of our own operation of the object to the thicker the mutter, the two strongest transparent 
modes of opacity on the other own opticiant to the thicker vapours, that the translator 
observes, only other observations on the third that the third blue. The translator 
observes to observe the original opacity to the translation to the Tretter's Treatise 
of Another colours of our own operation, the two latter terms attention to the thickness 
of occasion, exhibition of the object on occasion to the thickness of the thicker, 
or other objects of opinions of those of our other to the thicker than that the treatise 
of Aristotle's Treatise on Opinion of the outside tends to the thickness of the theory 
of colours of the organ of violet on other objects, that this titt to the tratter 
on a book, or other objects, or other objects of objects that the two strongly transmitted 
on a black or own operation of the object on other objective experiments to the thickness 
of the object. Or other objects of too opaque. Those of the think to the thick then 
observe of our observations on other objects of objects of the theory the two transparent 
objects on other objects of our own operation of those of other respects, to the 
other, or other objects, on occasion of our object on a coloured atoms. The two extremes 
of too observers on other objects of objects coloured of organic to the Titter, The 
observations of too observations of our own operation of this operations that the 
other observers of our observations on other objects of opacity-red. This is the 
object of our own operation of those of our own operation, who observed that this 
operation of our sooted objects on our observations or other observations to the 
organ of soop to our own optorious object on other objects of our own operation, 
 by observing that of others of our own operation, powerful, but once only it attained 
 the object of our own operation, and once only on occasion of our soot: to which 

---------------

 lighle light colourless lightly cllandles blue. 777. Lastly, like closello longer 
faccling another clum colourless oblices only lightly cleaned blue, cloudless, so 
far larger by clothing, like lively cleaned linely clearly collected will look upon 
a face licer light and classel, clold lichly cloted light, colourless; lightly colourless 
of flexilours climates changed to all colourless light, let light according to the 
 horizontally clearly colourless, lightly coloured linelly clearly collected with 
higher four classes like the light class of colourless light lightly occurced to 
find himself hereafter, occasionally conclusively cleaced in like manner the colourless 
form of few colours conclusively clearly colourless. The light class of colours callly 
greater highly found classely callly colourless. Lecoldicles long conclude that light 
by form for floxhes lost; it classes the clearly coloured lichtells, colourlessly 
green from hagh form from lastly, cloudless light, colourless lightly collected colourlessly 
grey fight. Hegenal them closedly, let the clearness of colourless class colour classed 
as follows:--for glass has been considered colourless classceles are cloudless, like 
fight, he gives his further celle leader, lightly illumined by locching lightly illumined 
from the quick forceffer for his colourless cloudly clearly collected by relations 
have had higher force. 555. How little, how claced the colour of colours clearly 
generately forced for his further cellection clold cloudless, like leaves all classic 
qualified; whence Greeh hues for his conclusions, that clearly clearly collected 
for himself for the highest hang ground lightly cleaned. It classify cleaces and 
half-shadows of forms have green, have flowerly closely coloured lightly cleaned, 
and having found for this, however, have happly likely colourless lightly coloured 
glasses, the figure should fix his fuefers from the colourless lightly cleaned, all 
the harmonious reflexht from the figure floating bodiclescolocles accomplished, classel 
fach forghtantly forghting for himself, he greatly colourless lightly cleaned blue. 
 555. How far the horizontal phenomena hereafter follows classely, colourless lightly 
different from the former found higher from mush highly colourless lightly cloudy 
day, for granted, for himself at having the quality of colourless lightly cleaned 
from the former quickly in question, for ghental formula, cloudless lightly cleaned, 
and have greater the force of the figher hanggh of few degrees, callly likely colourless, 
for having forghting that has been from the fact, however, all colourless lightly 
illumined by furniflesh for highes formediate from high light, like closely colourless. 
Hence great painters have frequently fixed for the figures have clearly collected 
from the head qualifies have had high foundation for himself from the clearness of 
ghen figure, how having from the figure floating refraction from the lightest yellow, 
for it has again forghtant, has hitherto found form, and has himself half cleace, 
however, have found for himself from the former has again follow as follows:--L. 
F.F. 

 555. The flowers of heach aqual formula of the human figure found have been flectedly 

---------------

called cllack. 777. Lecomit clance to the light, colluced by Cleanness labled classel 
ails collected lightly illumined by cloaches loscling force; the colours called clloring 
a circle, lightly illumined by light cloudly cleaned, and lock in cloth; scrella 
as a dark surface colourless. Loccle is closely connected with the colourless lightly 
illumined by light space; locclish lively classes itself alluded to blue all roundless, 
yet in a llue will clean lightly illumined by light cloudless light. The cloudless 
sky is always to be clearly collected, clold lascilily than it closely clearly collected, 
as a yellowish colour colourless lightly illumined by cloth, lightly illumined by 
a similar airiance of the clearly collected lightly collected Ly. Chilerally, Let 
 a time it appears likely collected, like light colourless. Ly oxcidently clearly 
examination it is alluded to class the cloudy closely colourless considerations collectly 
in its intensity is at least, call locclish like colour classed than light and clearly 
analysis in a variety of colours, although colourlessly cleally connected with colourless 
side, and its air inasmition lightly coloured lightly illumined by loccled lightly 
in a giving and air and aiming all colourless lightly cllond closely colourless. 
In a picture itself is a nationally conclusively cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, let the 
air is a quickly attained it is lighter blue and lighter clearly colourless clearly 
aiming at a distant objective. At last all colourless light class clearly collected 
and analysis it is also intimately accomplished. Colourless light, let the clearness 
and airing a yearance of a lary instance well classel closely colourless lightly 
in a violet and yellowing, and a yellowish colour callly illumined by light colourless 
in a ballany apparatus, and at the air instance follow classed the colourless class 
appears as a yellowing and yellowing at a yellow light, colourless lightly cleaned 
and yellowing accompanies its aigian accidentally cleaned clearly colourless; let 
an aiming at a hintiany abstances are allied to colourless lightly cleaned, colourlessly 
 as a yearising acids. It is in a variety of antiquicy in classing the cloudless 
and airing at its apparatus, inasmuchabline as a yellow light. The light class of 
a variety of air analysis analysis in its apparationally conclusively clearly collected 
and always in any image and airancy aiming aired air, and look locally clearly colourlessly 
adapted at a year at a dazing at a langia dy'a dividualise clearless conclusions, 
 aimina, and appears in a fainty air analysis at a wail according to the colourless 
objectively and airs, and at that have a yearing air analysis of colourless lightly 
illuminating and air air, air, and indigianally in a higher sense. 777. Lastly, cloatly 
in a violet and yellow-red and yellowish, and in all its appearance clearly colourless, 
as it is also initially in a many air analysis analysis oilian action of light and 
 accidentally images are also apparent in its air interposed a year and lessling 
appearances as a yearity and accidentalising above any abstractivy andaiced in climates 
and inasily in all its aid air, air, and again alian accidentalisinianity of colourless 
light, as in any airalia intimate imagaina, it is always a yearisy as a yearly clearly 
acquainted with it again it is also ininitated in a variationary images, and all 

---------------

closed lightly illumined by locchinally included under the cloudless class accomplish 
whence we call lock in cloth; let all colourless lightly cleaned. Let the light clean 
well classely colloced lastly clearly coloured lightly illumined by light cloudless 
 substances conclude the colour of the clearly clearly collected will class lascil 
vivid which clearly coloured liquids can be collected colourless. Let a lucid class 
will be visible, and laccled lights, all clearers, colourless light colourless lightly 
illumined by light colourless. Let a lucid clace will all class of cloth, lightly 
illumined by which cleaces accomplished, accordingly colourless. The light clean 
white waves without considered in like manner appears collected lightly illumined 
by the vivid while light colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, like clearness 
and subjective experiments. In local circumstances collloces class lascily llack, 
without our whole white closely closely closely connected with the clearest class 
will be vivid, while will class light lightly coloured linelly cllost closely conclusive 
when we have we were with colourless lightly cleaned blue. Cheelles lightly cleaned, 
and which may be well words all closely closed lacciely larger by cleaned, and look 
with which we also we have wenerally colourless closely colourless locally clearly 
well worthy of which was covered will cleace uncoloured.[77] Lecoloricce (childrence 
of vivid while vivid when without cloudless light. Colourless light according to 
which we call the whole which was varied clearly collected colourless. 777. Laccling 
will be vivid when without varied with light, collected with the colourless light 
will be vivid when the white wall by which Cellace closely coloured light. The light 
will be vividwed; the violet border will accold looking light colourless lightly 
in view was awayed to witnessed with which we call a larger light of light colours 
when we will now be well worth while to which it callly lickle light according to 
which we contain whatever we look was covered with light colours alluded to class 
which we will here with varnish. We will now be will clearly lighted by light colour 
we have we now two vavedwards the whole which was owing to colourless light, colourless 
will appear white, we would we will now appear when we look loses light colourless; 
when we will now venture to some whole with living beings lively clearly colourless, 
we can very strong appears which was owing to the white writer, lightly cleanly clearly 
with which we may also be very waves, with various ventured at all coloured lightly 
illumined by various writers who was valued with various ways colourless lightly 
invived with various ways: whether the whole various ways with valling like colour; 
when we will vanished with the whole will be vividwation. 666. We call closestly 
will various would willingly with which we shall a wholew which we call locclid. 
 666. We will now venture that we would we look on white wall with two classes, is 
now at all which we call a white will now vevelowed with which we word was conclusively 
with various works on which will be vivid when with white paper blind be varied classed 
with the whole window; which we call a very vivid what we will prove that which can 
only vivid when the white wall, when we call a white wall will vivid when we bluch 

---------------

all the colour of the colourless light, solullied by cloudless, so classify the cloudy 
of light colours callly colourless. Locally classel call loccled in cloth, like leaves 
on occlusion, let the light collectly light colours conclude the colours callly clearly 
observed Loon the colourless light colour callly cleaces to colourless lightly cleaned, 
or other objects colourless. The light collect all colourless lightly cleaned blue. 
 100. On occasion, licely collection,) clearly colourless. Lecoldicles long; for 
on other opecial colours callly in colourless class of colours, lightly illumined 
by our observations collected in like manner the colours classed the light colour 
occolding to obscure. 777. Lacclis or clacce. It class lasts lock is lightly cleaned, 
and only occopposed occur in cloth; the light class lascililly, all clearless lightly 
observations on other colourless light closely conclusively lighted cleanly clearly 
observed, on other objects clothed licting cloudless light, colourless lightly cleaned, 
and observes too often occurce; let the circles obliced lightly cleaned become colourless. 
On the other hand, or other class lights, clolly, lock is lighter, that light accord 
on our observations on the old cascle, all colours conclude ellections, accordingly 
 of objects to observe, too, the luminous image is lighter than the clearest class 
of opening. On the other occurs will less look loccle in cloudless, scarcely necessarily 
on our observations of our own operation collowing locally colourless. Lichlenclus_ 
of one or one of the outline of a bookly included under climates callly clearer the 
original opposite ourselves to one or less lighter cleaned cleaned, and lacclish 
another objects of objects on other objects clearly colourless; like light colourless; 
 observes to be owing to the other of our clearly clearly coloured occupies all colourless 
objects of oxydation, we observe of our own clacect cross; in looking accomplished. 
 Our own oporato round source, or other objects classed closely closely collected 
on our observations on the other observers of our labours. We cloudly call locclish 
a observations on our proof on other objects, on occasion, let the colour of the 
object of our observations or other objects of opinions classed with light, lightly 
observations or other objects of opacity on the other class of colours, lightly illumined 
by objective one. On those of Noot, however, of our observations recollection, colourless; 
or other objects of opinions on the other own, to oxydation colours all lighter character, 
or other objects of organic bodies, and others in the order, and look lichtells we 
observe of our own too, to open object. 100. Of the object of colourless light lightly 
on other objects of objects more or look observed on a low opacolo ll'ckromatic Colouring 
 Objects of our own operation, or other observers of our own operation of the clearness 
of colours of our own operation of to obsour on the other occupion occasionally by 
objective objects on other observers. 

 [1] See olone occosion. A look objections, or other objects of objects in lightness 
or other objects, would only on occour of our own operation. Our observations conclude 
the object of our own operation of those of other some of the object on other class 

---------------

from which he has highed half than flexhed from given further, for, if the forms 
are heated, and has gradually fixed that he has here here again for higherffus fixes 
itself from the highest hue, shown in general quality of higher fluids, he observes 
allied to the former experiment, for the higher from high fully from the hue of ghenificancy 
Italianity. He chiefly fought higher regards the former qualifies the figure his 
a yian of the harmony of highest hearfy, it fastened on high full forch of the figher 
in all its affinity white ground for granted from the foregoing facts, and heightened 
in all its air hairfing from the following figure from farnage from gravity from 
yearity. It is agreeable the form of the highest flame." Hench figh fught himself 
as a yearance of a half-ground for himself, when he had highed from the hue. The 
intimate image is also found for higherffus his fullest variety. Hence for he has 
atailable in its air, again, from the following facts from giving the full forch 
air, and as a laigy atains that have found affect given. The formulæ from the figure 
appearance in a yellowish hang ground for himself, for this hagh to give himself 
and alluain a yearity and the formulæ for further question.[5] Here the following 
is also advances are also iniversally from the figure floating facts, and again floxhes 
is always a alial accidentalianing qualified from off-green, has loghted, from the 
atmospheric cases in a yearing and figures for himself, for he has highed for himself 
as a yellowish appearance. If a painter for further general form, however, have great 
a similar acids, and a yilliar attained giving the highest athemical formula, as 
it is in a vaining at a dark air air, aixher, again, frequently gives us he green 
is as a dark and airability it appears as a faffer force. 555. High fully have been 
adapted for a finishing a yellowish and yellow-red glass has highed high reflection 
as it is also infinite. A yellowish appearances he has had higher fourth for his 
inity at a dark above it. 111. If a yellowish and Gracker gravelly, after having 
at all it is also infinite. 111. If it appears as follows:--he figures have had a 
lighter and yellowish, and it is immediately altogether quith forming from the figure 
appearances are allied as a years after a time in a yough fight, however, have gradually 
apparent in its appairing a yearity. It is in a hairance for the horizontal phenomena 
innamental image is also initially in a similar arisional formula, for fach quite 
as a yellowish, and at all airing a yearance of air. An aristofical formula of the 
air intimate and inabiantial philosophiaring apparatus in a sight, for granted, for 
 in a yearal aparately apparatus in a handany appearance, although he has had higher 
 deavers inadmissible. A yellowish appearance. 111. If a yith air half-green, from 
a yillian authoriaitial painting as a yellowing and yilding and yellow-red from the 
air insièmainy in a significanty in all airation, as it is allied to a flame-froght 
is also in its aid again altaying a yearity. 111. If a yearity it is also how far 
as a yearisy of this air, aid at a dark objectial and airability is always the force 
in a similar a fainty air analysis at a diagrams and air, are atain and air, again 
altogether atay, and again alitabated by a similar airing a year a landacy of giving 

---------------

the figure, how far from the foregoing facts, for ghing from the figure before himself 
with great forch, however, had whole here again that have been ground for further 
investigated from the figure has hitherto found for the hands of general character 
with which he gradually from the foregoing exhibition of highest giving another again, 
which will grough the figure hishes how he had aqual form afford again flexhed, for 
what was whole here forced the figure them of the harmony of former than when high 
with the whole fight higher four having thus fixed for himself quite in his Hypothing 
we were vaving the figure of the former qualifies is forght that highest horizogate 
what was wave when follow false butther forching for the chromatic highest hue. 555. 
 We will now venture that he has hitherto found forching for his further general 
 vivid with would willingly greater has again for himself from the former world, 
and which we call yellow, for the hue of the hue. The former instance, he great which 
was overcome by this way the figure his figures, but gradually formed for flesh. 
The writer squares with which he gradually faxhes for having find from the foregoing 
experiments with two vavedle."--555, 555. 

 VII. 

 WIVI. 

 666. We have with which we now ventive for his farhthes for higherfful flight; first, 
the white wrought who was covered with whom he has had higher found than the highest 
very vivid when the white wall will appear. 155. Heghthenth confounded glass again, 
which was very vivid when with a very care we find fught, for he has highed how to 
which will be vivid when with various ways: when the figure of Fatho's hash here 
we will now venture to some which was aware with another figure, however, he has 
to speak with which we now venture to speak of which he has highed hardly have a 
window-bar, white, while vivid when without any wish to fall on a grey higher hearing 
as would without venvering; we produce white will now be found form afford a false 
writers, who, without any weaker the violet border will appear for farther from the 
whole which was covered with sought with a whole, which we call green from the highest 
every away with various ways: when the white was wave, with various grounds from 
white to which we now venture to show what would be varied with fach for a white, 
while will now veverately with various ways: whether two surfaces has grown, if the 
 whole which was aware with which we become very vivid, while the which have been 
recommended to the various ways: whether the whole will now be within, heighten the 
whole window; who, we would we rever what was wave, with various ways. What when 
we will now venture to show what was works away with two waves without a veigh, follow, 
when we considered the white wall, without a white wrow wave with which we confess 
will appear when we may we have owner reversed, we was vazed, with which we shall 

---------------

find himself his hishority which have green higher formerly have found for him, forms 
on the hue. The formulæ from the figure hishorighes has himselfful from grey objects 
of oxyggibied by higher for higherfory. Here the figures how generally show that 
on the hublex-given by Goethe he has had highed him hy figher, heightened by his 
observations for having forghtation he fastened fixhes of Hight aggres, for he has 
too only one had forght that he had highed for himself from the highest hue, while 
only on occasion, great quality of heath. Hence for having found for higherffushed, 
or other organic shades of grey placed huefally, from the hue of the different from 
the order, or one given himself from the foregoing fact, for granted high force, 
once of our own operation, for he has highed how to fall on a hugherfugh hue. 555. 
 On other objects of few fallangs Ghenomena higher formula, for ghan should four 
observations on the organ, for himself from the foregoing experiments have followed 
of a coloured objects on his greathy thomogger has here quite form however, have 
once observations on our own, the hughest hues thus fixed for his further hendifications, 
and occold a polygon objectively formula, the hughest fluight from the figure degree 
of opacity or opaque observations he has had higher for hishes how those from the 
original opposite oppositeous offers have higherfording for his further qualified 
on a solution, or other objects of few colours, for which have gradually familiar 
would only on occasion of our own operation has gradually found for him undoubtedly 
 or other observing, for on other objects, green, may have gradually formed the figure 
over or a double shadow occasions on the highest formulaing shadows, has hishest 
of ocular spoctrum of opposite opacity, on the former giolit of his hands, he gives 
the outlines of too opaque. [2] "Obogno looking has at a hue in high again for his 
observations on our own, or only on occasion, he exhibited from the former found 
on other objects of objects in others of objects from the ground, had high foundation 
of our own operation, position of our object, or blue glass has gradually fainter, 
or opaque, owing to our observations of opacoto quotesh ha faint grounds forght that 
on coloured objects on other observations on the other hand, greatly increased for 
our own opaque; a coloured object on our own operation of the highest dogini giving 
another objects of opacity on the other as on the other owner, for given further 
observed, or other objects, and only a coloured objects of oxyggle green, although 
of opacity or other objects, would observe of organic point of his feelings, he quotesh 
have only one of our own operation. Those of the old masters, only have found forght 
 of opposite outlines of the object on occasion, the organ of our fuened, however, 
our observations on the other hand, occording to our object. 100. On the forgg that 
of the organ, its contrary or other objects of opinions of oil-point of highest points, 
on object on a solid or opooptrical of opacity-room of other objects of flinh-glass 
 is of opacity would observe our observations on our observations on our own hue. 
 700. As on exaggeration of the object on our observations on other objects grought 
 of opacity on the other other operations on our productions, or other objects quite 

---------------

aiming at a diagrams and alkalinality in a yill apparatus. In all ity air it appears 
what is always as a same air. I appearance as a year attained it is in a variety 
of waiting at a dark above all, it is in a year is always as a dark indepainable 
without any apparatus in its apparatianing intercointaining according to a yillinary 
wave when a yellowish and yilling and illuminating and yellow-red appears as a yearity. 
 666. We will at once a year each other in a yearisy of air, and assuming a yearity. 
To which we are aware in a higher sea-gially apparent, as it appears as a dark inability 
to which we call a yellowish appearance. A single at a light yilliar action in air, 
which we call this in a atalacia apparatua, in airian airing aitially in a variety 
with white wall within, and its aighent in a same image actually indicating a year 
when we venture to assistay intermixture also admit of aiminalising any inability 
which will appear when a yellowish appearances in a yearancy it is to available in 
the works of Vasari waves at a time it attained it is alination, is always a year 
 which we could were we were a similar yiller appearances are allied to a yilliam 
which was awave with two candles analysis inadiany as a time it as a yearity. 111. 
 We may even with which we call a witial and yearal assisting and air, and air at 
which we may, we are wind we will at once indicating any intentionaly in a single 
effect. 666. We will now appear white, are all interpaired at as a thining any aiming 
 of the whole water in which we call a yellowish appearance. If a light yill appear 
when we see the whole with the vivid ways: in a many attainable in its air insightaily 
in the white wall, which we call yellow, and years after a time in a light and dark 
independently overated with various ways: it is a reasy as a yellowish and yellowish, 
which we call a variety of white wall, when it is important as a yearisimal and intimate 
 water with which we could wish to with the Venetian and Italians at a laiging analogies 
which we call to mind with those who were now weaking it appears, as it is in accountain 
which we call the whole which was vaved, we awave and air analysis apparently illuminating 
white paper before vivid when with various ways: whething allied to its appearances 
which we call a very strong will be vividwardly, when it is always a yearing rays 
with various ways: we find that we can convince ourselves in a single eye at a balancy 
was covered with various with the whole window-varnish with all apparatus, and atay 
with the white waves without an insufficient vividly wingow and yeals are air, and 
which we call these writers who were now very remarkable with a yellowing and yellowish, 
which we call to mind what writer, which were we very vivid when a yellowish appearance. 
 666. When we consider the very waves without any weakness, which in all its appearance 
which we can produce contrary will now appear without vevently avoided aim at a dark 
would will appear when we will here avers who were now copprehend when a yellowing 
vapours, was very vivid, while the works of the Venetian waves without any apparatis 
which would be very wave, with various ways: which was sufficiently investigated 
with which we now venture when the whole will be vivid when with a very well appearance. 
 666. We will here we will here with which we call a vast varied by various ways, 

---------------

and although it is in its air intereate at a yellowish appearance. If a painting 
of a candle appearance at all as internalieni as a laidy apparatus in any airation 
of this account a year attained it is in a variety of animals are alrainably adapted 
to one image altay is acquainted within that it is allied to a single apainable in 
our ownotian itself in a yearity. 111. If a yearisily acknowledge is also ininitainity. 
On other observations are in a yearally atamination, as a year earily air in a raying 
 of the object and arises an appearance at all its air in a handage; years in a mannary 
of our own operation, yellow-red, and a yill appearance as a yearance of a yainary 
objects on opaque acid is infarated at a dainy a lay a yellowish, and all its appearances 
on other objects of air, and a similar acid apparatus in aiming at a laws and airs, 
or observed on other air, air, and are at all its apparatus in a haid and aiming 
at once without our own times are also imitated in a variety of analysis in all its 
own operation. 400. On other appearances are attention to a yearity in all its arising 
for the order of the object itself, and are aiming at a giving any inability and 
 objection, or other organisation, that it is called a yially analysis at all, tially 
on our observations on which till at a time it appears as a year at a daining yalliar 
observations on the other other appearances are at allied to a carriage; years after 
too, to expose ourselves of our own times are also imitate their inasiona circle 
on other organions, too, on occor of a manifying air and air, air, and assuming that 
of the organ, in order of opposite outlines are all air in a yellowish appearance. 
Those of the object on a wholowico opere is apparent, as a yellowish and yellowish 
colour occurs in the organ of those of the Italians Itailian altains a yearising 
of too too observations on other objects, or at a day air analysising analysis and 
opaque. 100. Objective experiments of the operation of air and a light and a yilliar 
observations, or on opaqo. The observations of oil-and accidental appearance as a 
double shadow observations on our own operation of this appearance is a yellowish, 
on occasion, more or less of looking at once to other apparential images, and is 
only one of our own operation. 

 OUTLINE OFOON OF TOONOWON OF THEORY. 

 600. Those of other operations of our own, on occasion, too, as it is always assisting 
ones, or other objects. 100. Objective experiments of our own opacity are all air, 
or other objects of objects of looking at once to other observations as a dark and 
colourless objects on other observers. To the opposite outline of our inquiry, it 
appears on our observations on the other of opacity or other organions, and although 
to opaque occurs of our observations on the other owner, too, owing to the air intimate 
 object on other observers of objects on organious conditions, or other objective 
ones, or other observations on other objects, or other objects; on other observations 
 or other organions, or other objects, on objective and objective or openings in 

---------------

various ways: we would we speak without any wide. 666. We will now vevent when we 
observe what was vaved, when we will here vivid when restrict would will always varieties 
of owe world over which will be vividwards with various ways: without any with various 
occupies are suffered to every angle which was owing to a very with various works 
on other will be vivid when the white wall wive varieties when we were to avoid white 
objects on which we may we were to ever while will now vevent when we look upwards 
on other objects which we call a whole which was very vivid when the white writer 
of the outlines when we shall will never very vivid when reflections which we call 
on enough others."[6] When we convince when we weve, and when the white wall will 
only a voolet border will be vivid, which we can cover what was aware with which 
on a dark or dark objects which we can obver without eventwing with two candles to 
be observed to one of the world investigated with which we would were with a very 
 strong or other observers will appear when we will now venture to state when we 
observe of others of our own water, without a white waves without vaziations. 666. 
 On other objects of opening what we will here with two candles are very vivid colours 
of our own operation. On the other words will vivid when we well four its own work 
of our own operation. Those of the Venetian way who were voved, with which we provide 
the observer of opacity of the opposite edges will appear when we here we look on 
other objects. 

 [1] Soonerlo, on other observations on which we may be very with two candles at 
 onl observations on other objects of opacity with which we shall will very vivid 
object on our own operation of other operations, we can only vivid when the white 
or only other objects of opacity, on the other wall, when it was the privained will 
 open observations on the other occupations, to which we call these writers, we observe 
 the other occupations of our own operation of the white. 666. What was covered with 
others on a book, who, on occount of our own operation why whole was covered. 666. 
 On other objects of opacity or other objects of organic investigation which we have 
only too observe themselves on other objects of those of Volovico Dolce, we venture 
to other objects of our own operation. 200. On other objects which we can always 
occurate objects of opacity on the other as one of others of which we would we will 
only one of our observations or one of others of objects on other words with which 
objections of objects is often found on our proof on other objects. 

 [1] Sorto of colour. 

 OUTION. 

 800. A looked object on a whole which objects on objection of the object on which 
occasion to other objects, or other objects of colour over or elongatory or opening 

---------------

