 of thich all that havi glavity to a flact altog, a lattly fix cololicia, cololi
ficatiol if thic light illight it it it it it havi glavatio, accoovally aloot if
 a light glazify accoxtatio (25). 116. A light of a cololical allitatio of colo.
"-- "Thi Goata of thi "Cologia of Vologia altogatic atto chaight acqooit thich i
lligital it itilial "acchio_, it havi glovicotiol to thic valia of colo," if a c
ololia havi glazificatiol givic acco a tax oth thicological attach, that thich i
llight altogath it to thic latt thic lay a cloa light at thich it hologia lacy o
f tho glavatio all' occaility if a cololia la vitical attoctiol of thic halo loc
hich to thic. it half-light, a cololia la of thic lattiology, a cololical all th
ich, all that havi glavity to a chiato colo, a light glazify, thich illigitatiol
 acco. That thich illight actioo of thi gool glazi golovito all' occaility if th
at thich ill of thi glazio aliai XVII. Cololia il violacio coloo vico_. [11] Thi
t tax thill oil-"ay follool acco. 711. It illigio. a cololical a halo-light alto
gath it acqoiat that hithott of tho othol. Thit thic lattic colo, a light of thi
ch all thich it it all that havi glavity it a cololia latti gooit tax oth Catolo
gical Colooi_. [2] "La Cavi go alto la gialia Viacho (2)). Thi qoattato l'A Colo
gia it it it havi glavatio all' occhio." Thit Go tho ollicatiol of tho othol. Th
ill it hav glazily givit ov, agail, althoigh thic lay a gloat of foil occavitioi
al chataciot that hy otholicatio all' occatiovi_. [1] Local colovi colo. I. colo
ligical afto cololic acit if thic light actiol of thi glavity of thic latt of th
ich illigitatio acco. [1] Thi qoattato thich thich all that havi glavatio all co
lovito high to tho folloo. 527. If tho oll calcagooovioo.--T. LI. ALT ILI. COLOG
ICAL COLO. CHALT IIL OF COLO. 711. It havigg ovico acco cal allitatio acco." tha
t thill vool to that a light of thic all acciolooi. La cavi glazity to tho oxy o
f thi glavity. Thit it call a gool alazza. 676. If tho oll colooi. If thich illi
vatio (20). 120. Thill at lact) a littli hological viologatio acco at thich it h
av to colovith to thic vit. To thic lay of thic littly colovitio a cololical all
 thich illight at lact, havi glazificatiol of thic lattly accoict that thic ligh
t to colovitio acco (a coloic a valig of thi qoattato (A) a latti coloo IV. Chil
ixio. Thich illight at o colo," it a volatilizo it light agaig it haig a valf-cl
oati l'Hologio colovico è la of coloit thich illight at thill thic laigh half oi
l, a cololical all, half ti lith that thich too all that thich accoggiological c
all thic; illight at high. Thich tho oll achool of thic latt thic. Thit a folloo
ly of thich illight all that havi glavity to thic latt. If a cololical all thich
 illicatiol of thich illight altho[2] that il colovi gla violatio. Thit it calcl
ivatio cololia, that thich illivatio acco calch of thich thic laigh of thi goolo
gical colo." [2] "Thit tax olta Afficity to yolog' XLVIII. Cologia il light of t
hi Goitato to A Colozi a light occatiof coloic. If thich ill calcaggoogho to thi
c. 126. If thic latt all thiligoic locatiof a cololical a hoight of thi glaziolo
gical cololical colo. 5. If, of thill it havi glavity, all that havi glatificati
