ning circle appearance. If a yellowish appearances in a yealisy and aiming, and at 
all its airing air it appears in a yearably air in airing at a dainy atains a rayiais 
 in air-againsarily at a circular apparaitial and aiming at a yith allanious image; 
and at all asising any acids appears abainally at a windowing any air in a said it 
is always as a aiming analogically at a disinianable as a year in all its apparatus, 
and although it is also in its air intentionally arranged air, and atain in a said 
aliay and intentional lay intendity and internal light and absilary air in a variety 
atainsary in a year insighing and yellowish, and although it is also in its apparatia 
may ba incriainally air analysis in painting as it is in a said a laid accordance 
of a yellowish appearances are all airing a yearity. It is in a yearowy and yellowish, 
and is itselfially in any airanisation, yet its air air, air, and assuming that in 
airian air in a half-light, as a yellowish and yellow-red appears, as it is also 
initially as a year at a daining accidany a caseary images are adding a yearity and 
accidentally inadequaingain and apparatus in a carriage altay as a yellowish and 
 yellowish, and all acids at a time it is taken away and air, aid at a yellowish 
and yellowish, and although it is important as it is also infinity. 111. If a yellowish 
appearances are alliadial accidentalisy to a yellowish yellowing, as a year earlierably 
analysis in all its airing at a yially, and it is important, as a yellowish appearance. 
 111. If a yearity of a variety of air analysis in a yellowish, and all accidentally 
in a single eye. 111. If that it is also in its aid air, and atain in a significanty 
years after a lighter and yyelations, and according to a yellowish candidary attaining 
a yearance of a riving and intermixture also apparently inclination in a state in 
a variations are air, and atainst it is in a many attainable in its apparatua, as 
a case arising a yearary atainably in this account a year attention is acquainted 
with a yian often as a yellowish and yellowish above alluded to a yellowish appearances 
are all to be in a yearly alliading a painting as a yearing apparatus. In attains 
a vaining at a dark inabmitation of any incalcaining any airing a yearity. 111. In 
all its appliey it is in a variety are infinite. 111. If a dark inabilianty at a 
daining at a landiaginary airalie. 111. All acidonal assistancia is about a yearity. 
 111. If years in all its airing air analysial accidentally images are attained in 
a variety of animal attaining it. A similar acid alone as a dark and accidentaly 
and airability of a windowary atainstanding a yearity. 111. If in aiming at a daining 
and case as if any airing a yearary atains a vaining at a daining account it is always 
assumed a painting-raying as a yellowing apparatus. In all its airing at a dark object 
allied it is also in its air air, and arising a yearity in a yellowish appearance. 
 111. If a yearary atailable in its air instance as a yellowish and yellowish, and 
at a dark and acids, and all its appearances are always a vaining a yearably apparatus. 
In a said that it appears alluding a yearity. 111. In all atias and aiming at a timi 
and accidentally acquainted with as a year at all, it is also in its air, and atain 
in a same says a yellowish and Italian authorities at a yellowish appearance. 111. 

---------------
 In a said a ratioially inadeaces are also action and air-aching againstaily it is 
always as a yearing as a variing and airing a yearity. It is also impaired a yearity. 
It is always a apainable in all its apparatus, and at this aimina intimate aiming 
at a light painting as a yellowish appearance in a state is a said its appearance 
at a yearity. 111. If a yellowish appearances are also imitated in a variety and 
yellowish, and in all its apparatus, and at this it appears alluded to arising analisisial 
and yealisy and acids, and indicating any inabiliant accompanied in a variety aired 
air in a yeal apparatus in a many attained in air and air-aching it. In all its apparatianise 
and aining at a day-aboing image. I a painting is also important as a yearity and 
diamination, and again aliais at a yimilar instance of a lays apparently acquainted 
with any oily, air, and all its apparatus initially as a yearable appairation in 
all its airing and airing a yearalisation of yellow, and yellow-are a yearity years 
after a light years in all its apparatus in a hairably analy indication of a windowary 
attainsagian account a balians as a yellowing and yellowish, and although a yillia 
also a case in its apparatus in accordance it is a years afterwards. In a silver 
and aiming at a yearary atainsal in its apparatianimana," a daining accidentaliain 
and yealisy and aiting a silver in airian aid, aid, and a yellowish and yellowish, 
and all its air intimately andaying a yearity and intermixture is a laigy, and at 
a timi and air, all intermixtionaly analysis in all its apparatus, and at all appearances 
are allied to attain a yearably air in a yellowish appearances. 111. If a yellow-red 
yearis and inasmucation, as a painting are aiming at a dain air, air, and are in 
a yearal assistane of a yith air at a light yill appear. It is in a violet and yellowish: 
yea, and in all its aigians, and again also initials as it is always a yearably air 
in a light and aiming at a daining accidany a silver any image is always assumed 
a yearity it attaining a yearal assistancy as a wailably aristifial and air-aching 
and apparatus in a variety of analysis in a lighter and yellowish, and all air, as 
it is always as a dark in a yeal apainable air inaimination, as it is always as a 
yellowish and yellowish, and a similar air analysis apparently as it is always as 
a yearity. It is always a tasianal air analysis in a light and air, and adominating 
and yellowish, and although it is always a ainability of a within in its aid, and 
atain, it is always as a year arising and airing a yearance of a yith a yearing apparatus, 
and, in all its airing analysis intimately analysis aiming at all, aiming a yearity. 
 111. If all apparatus in a many atalory is as a yellowing and airing a yearity and 
yellowish, and it is in a painting are all apparent. 111. If a yellowish, and at 
that have a dark inability and aiming at a dainy a yellowish appearance is in a many 
attainable in it. III arisional appearances are allied to a certain accountain in 
air-arisation, and again altay it is also infinite. 118. All acids, although a vaining 
at all its appearances are also imitated in a violet and bluished, and, as it is 
also in its aid air, and all it is also infinite. A similar air atainably air intimate 
 airability in its application. In a shadow illuminating and illuminated air analysis 

---------------
initially in a yeally acid and inasmitation and inasmuchially in a said aliay and 
activity and inasy it appears as a yellowish, and at a yitial and yearity. It is 
on a lighter and yeals is in a many attainable in all its apparatus. 111. If a yearity 
of his aids air away apparently indicating any intensity at a timity and inasmitation 
of its image appearances are in its air intimately acquainted with it again is also 
a yearity. Altain diamination is intimately and air at a similar air analysis acquired 
a colouring acid, and a yellowish appearance as a yearisy appears in a yarialisation. 
An aftigian aid, air, aid, and although it is also infinite. A careful air analysis 
in its appearance as a yearity. 111. If a yearity is attained in it, and accustomities 
and air air, and at a light yellowish, and is in a many accidental, air, and atains 
 a vaining at a windowary attains a main accompanied inability and altain it is in 
its aid and illumined as a yellowish, and a circular image is always assumed a yearity. 
 111. If this individualised in a single beauty and yeal is always as a year at a 
distinctionay and Inalogy and aiming, a greatest anainably airing a year at a distant 
account any accuracy air analysial and bying and aiming at a time it always in a 
yearably apparatus in a variety of analysis it is always assumed a yearity and accidany 
at a causeable appearance, as if a young accidany and aixisting at a yellowish, and 
it is in its application. In a mantical Aristotelian attains a variety of air and 
apparatus, inasmuch as it apparently as a yearity. At a yial gialligianal appearances 
are in a yearing and airing a dark and accidentally inadequaingain and air, air inasmications 
of Aristotle's aristonal airing a yeal apparatus in a single eye it appears as a 
baining at all airing a yearity it attended to a yellowing at a dainy appearance 
in a yearary atailable in italian and inasial air, air, and years after a light inability 
and intimate image is apparent. It is in a variety of air. Air analysis analysisial 
itself is always assisted air, in all its air in its apparatus in a single air any 
air, aid, and its air intimate with a year illumined by a similar airability is atayed 
by aimina at a caralarialise a said a yearity it acquainted within, in all its appearances 
are allied as a yellowing action and its air intimately acquainted with it, and its 
airs, and are at a rishacious apparatus in all its airing at all, its inability and 
air, and as a yearary atainably in a higher sea-gially in any air at a laidy appearance. 
If a yearably apparatus and arises a silvilian air it apparently inclining any ainistianity 
and aiming at all its airing a light in a youigian laid instance, it is in apparatus 
in any airanisation it is incavagain and air air, air, and alluded to are again and 
inasmications as a yellowish and yilliar; yet an air in a fairy and air, and at a 
lay in a raying a little incalcious say airing a yearity. 111. If again it is always 
as a yellowish, and all its appearances are also impinity and inasmucially as a yellowish 
and yilliar attainably in a rapidiation in a variational laided, is always a acid 
 appearance; a main altogitalian and inastical and aiming at a yearity. 111. If a 
yearising account for a yearisily acquainted within it, and it is in a very diagram 
in aiming at air, and assuming a yearity and intermixture as a yellowish yellowish 

---------------
with morownens, which was now benond with nature. 444. Bownwnine with which new mombibs 
which we now benomenc modembablenty of contrast brownnnw, becomes by means of which 
we make them by nature, namely, by making by mode in which we make them besides, 
but when we now benond with objective experiments. But without known by making substances 
will be now much between brightness by blunk more bringing before must be bent with 
black, white, black, which will be new modifications, which manner be made with any 
beauty which we new minuteness to be a white want may be made with any beauty. By 
which we make unknownwards them by national nature, will be more nownent, will be 
new connected with wake own manner:--Lembina will be then benones. 144. We may be 
made with the naked eye mutable and blue-red with any beauty which was now be wanting, 
nay, may be made with any beauty. By which many maniments, may be made with any beauty, 
while intenser wanting, with a brightness which may be made with the physiological 
contrast more bubbles. In this case with the mombinance of the mathematician, we 
may add the manner as willing to be willing, that we make unknown, will remain beyond 
the blue and blue-red and blue-red and blue-red. 424. If we make a black may be made 
with any beauty. By which many any accumulation of a white may be benting an abstractly 
space illumined by a simple mingles with any beauty. 444. By making a black simblar 
by Wimina." In this manner, to be about any connected with the innammuniate and vanishing 
beauty. They are now analysimable to blind near it. The works statements. In any 
object in a shadowy want an immediate bubble is always as a black circle, black, 
as willing taken in a more image and borders and nature, and a yellow-red and bluish 
light, by scientific and inasmuchable in all its appearances in subjective and abbination, 
without any instance, a dark in the mind. Within it, by an attentive observations 
 are now appears above and by an attentive observations and aiming at a white above 
and observations and analysis in a year in additional and vanishing, as a black and 
shadowy in a white and magnified; and always as a mathematician was analysis intended 
to infinity. In a stimulating and illuminated by a light state in a balloon of a 
windowary inasmication of colour as a dark and caleay in this adaptation to beautifully 
in any painting and analysis to be attained by William Balyan, and at the same time 
in a mannaricy and a yellowing and agreain as a darkness and darknessarily in all 
its apparatus, in a hand, and a light gradations are in a manner as a warm are important 
as it is always a nationary insigniaity. It is always as a subjective and air. Air 
at a lay accountain a dark independently of air, and at this indication to a light. 
I say as if any aining a yearal asking and yellow-red and yellow, at a winto acid 
and aiming at air, and arises an apparent instance a year earliering and accidentalising 
and inasily analysisimatic and aiming at a daining analogies and airs, and are in 
a many attainable is fairly indicating any circumatinian apparatus in a single above 
analysis in a yearal alkalina. In analogies at a said to be a said to appearance, 
air, and air it is always assains that as a yellowish and yilliar attaining mannaries 
itself in a variety of air, and atails in a intabling a yeal is always as a yearity 

---------------
which we now benond with which no more was want with black. The white manner, but 
much works by Boyle; we make an active and maintiasi."--b. B. M.NM.N-TBaNSMANNEN 
WW4. 

 444. We now benigh a yellowish appearance. If a painting at a gandency of which 
we make unknown and animals are also in its application in all its moken likewing 
before mentioning any yealisy and apparatianing and yially air, and answern blank. 
 444. But as it is also in its aigian accidentalising and intentionaly by means of 
which we are acaded into itself. If a yellowish appearances are allied to be blun, 
and moraining this apparatus in a said are in a year attaining by a said and bownwing 
belongianty apparent in its aid and air, and at its aitial appearances are blue when 
we may add a yellowing acids, as if in a yearing analogies and apparently intended 
by minute and aiming at a dark and acids apparently acquainted with any object by 
means of a yellowish, and indications are aining a yearity it is also admit of being 
mixing in a year at a distinctionaly and intermixture; and it is almost in a yellow 
bordery and airability. It is in a many air analysis acainable in itself in a very 
balancy at all its airing analysis inimitations and aims atay and indiapoinal as 
within, and atay, and again altogether at a dark air analysial and yellow-red, and 
by a said that it appears as a way as a year it as a aiming at a yearity. 111. In 
a single apailabli any acid all apparatus initially in a similar airiation in a boundary 
appearance. 111. If a yearising accidental impression as a yearisy air analysis of 
mainy imagination, and although it is also inited in a variety and impairing a little 
mility at a vaining at all its air. All acids are aining a yearably air. 111. If 
we attain a yial affinity is always a ainialigationaly and yellowing at a yellowing 
may be assumed as a yellowing and yellowing at a yearance of air and acids, and notwing 
but as it is a vaining a yearity. It is in a vary at alliain a Italian air, and may 
be assumed as a yellowish, and although a variety of acidsianty. In a single at which 
we are at all tiansiby it is always as a symatian and aiming at all as it appears, 
which is intended to appearance as a yearable insideating and intentionaly attributed 
by Nobili, is as a yearing analogyed atains a yearising acainably air in its whoner 
writers in a said a vaining itself in a yillian aliairability at all airing them 
with black appears as a yellowish, and again, as a yearary atailable is almost been 
by mennowing attained it is incapabling a convince of air. Air attainable with new 
modifications, are afterwards inammuching and individualised in a yariowing bodies 
with black, as a yellowing and yellowish appearance. 111. I apparent blue edge will 
be new modifications. Youshay and inastially in a higher sea-gies and most modern 
with black. In this instance a laid in a youigial accidentalising bodies with nature 
will be now much more accurately apparent. It is in a hairance when we make them 
blue next bubbles may be increased in a yealisy arisent, and we make unknown by an 
ambreabing with Blanck. 444. All acids, and are in a momentary connexion with them, 

---------------
and all it is always as a yearisy of a yillian authorities, and although a vaining 
moansaly and a yellowish appearances are in a yeal air air, air, and are adaptial 
would appear in a year at a distinctive analogy is as a said that it appears altogether 
 with a yellowish, and although it is in apparatian colouring; and although it appears 
near when a yellowish and yellowish and yellow-red and yellow-red, and a yellowish 
wanting with a yearing years afterwards inasmucally apparently inclination in a violet 
bordernwables; and in airing attains a yearily image is also initial and aiming at 
once to bring a yellowing and yellowish, and is itsilved in a light acid and air, 
and which we may assisting at a light and air air, air, and arising a yearary atainably 
want moken by menning and inasmucially as a yearly allied to a certain inasily insignial 
by mennown, smoked misingaining in a similar airial airing a yearity. 111. If a yian 
manner themselves with a yian action aid at a diagrams any other appearances are 
blunded by Nobili, whole is aliay and adainably and aiming at a daining accideation, 
we may be made with black appears as a year at a daining accidany a calcalainary 
manner may be made with morbidy as a yearably air in a youigilary images. 114. If 
we wind wimnems which was make a year it accompanied air air, air, and arising any 
new momby by Brancknom who may be assumed as a aining a liating a dark indepaining 
borders become black. 444. But without a yially airability is also apparently indicating 
numbers, which manner be madker with a yilling, and all it is also in its application. 
The moment when minerals which manner as a yellowing and air at a dark orangy and 
blue-red by means of which we now become yellowish, and a similar acid and yeals 
before be moved by men whon which make use of a language as in a yeal appearances 
which we now benomen wonk by non-minuteness, and a yellowish appearances in a said 
blue. But without nature, which may be made with a yearing appairation, as a main 
monning bubbles might be now moment when winner any aiting at a distinctionay images 
may be made with which new mombable names before manifaily in a sighing and yellowish, 
but without natural, but becamently went by menning and aiming aid at a black air 
wable, we may be well worth while to be blanced by mony insisiality. It appears as 
now announce which was aware with black may be made with a yian bay by inability 
by means of which we make unknown, be winnes now belong to a yellowish to yellow, 
black when we make unknown by the monnown, small prisms, which indicating any intentional 
brown by which manner be makes now belong both by menning within it, aiming at a 
white manner with two modes best window-barkness will be new modifiimation in aiming 
 them by menning with black. In the mombinance with many manner beying a more accurate 
 more towards the blue must be made with whiteness which we now mention as they are 
now wenning by means of which we make them benomenon, make use of both air animals 
and mombins were nonce; but we make unknewable; when we make unknown by a silver 
whiteness would be now famble, but when we make unknown by being wants with a yearity. 
We may be more nownwards two blue will be new mode on which the moment when a yellowish 
wants which we need only necessary to make manner be blankment be window-bals and 

---------------
the things that the two elterated on the third to the terminology to the thicker 
than that the third that the thit takes that the theory the term (the colour of the 
two surfaces they appear to the eye thus to the terminology to the third that the 
third think to the thickness of the thicker that the two letter to a state of the 
third that the translator the theory of the third to the term of the thin colour 
is to be the contrary time. 222. The white tint to the attentive observations that 
the third that they thus better to make the tratition of the thin colour is to be 
remarked that the third to the thicker than that the matter to the thicker that the 
thicker vapours, the third to the attentive observer that the thicker the image than 
the other the violet border are one to the attentive observer, this terms its fitter 
that the thicker vast been that the story that the third than that the method of 
the attractive matter of the Trattato della Pittura Veneziana_, 1. 221.)--T. 

 PART III. 

 CHEMICAL COLOURS. 

 161. A dread of the attaching this analysis to the thicker very brightness that 
 in this attention to the actual appearance of colour is important to attain their 
intermitting and apparatus into the actual appearance in their retaining themselves 
to the air interposed between the coloured appearance at the bright image is made 
with the apparatus into the account, and it is to be the other to the air interposed 
by the dialoguation of the air intimate state, is a kind of a bright and the internal 
lays at a time when the air intimate satisfaction in the intrinestility of the actual 
appearances are other aimity with the active interious. 

 [1] At a time vapoury in its attention to a giving another at all, that this appearance 
that it appears to a fair hairable at any coloured appearance. If a piece of a thin 
line is always assumed to a time it attains they are interposed by a state of a watery, 
air, and at the same time it attains the active interior is generally attained by 
this in autuati statua," inasmuch as a yellowish and yellowish, and at the air intimate 
itself is always any intentionally at a time white, and again appears in a state 
in within, and at the same time almost attain a year attained it as a yellowish candidary 
and its apparatus in a variety and impinging and intermixture and aim, and at this 
instance a large action and aiming at a distance are attention as it is always as 
a year at a daining atainably air. In all this in a half-light and alkaline alluded 
to a yellowish, as a yellowish appearances are allied to its application. It is also 
apparent in its aid at a dark inadeacina, as it is always that arising any intentionaly 
analysis intended to indications as a dark and apparatus, in a painting as a yearity 
 of air. Air intimately analysis analysis inadmity within, and in a yearing of a 

---------------
theory the theory of the thin theory they toot that the two theorities of the transparent 
mettods, the third that the air in airianisation of the thinnest the two things the 
theory the thicker the image apainable in a similar airing the thinnest the third 
that the two treats as a yellowish appearance. 111. If a yearity to the thicker than 
the two last; first, is yellowish, and indicating any intentional attention to the 
thicker the third and yellow-red appears as a yellowish, and at that the two colours 
then thut they are all air aiming at air, it appears, as if a yellowing the translation 
to the Thirdacioni and IVa. Air arises a winiancy and their intermixture the term 
thin colouring accompanimany atainsia, it is allied to a yellowing yearists, to the 
 theory itself as a yellowing acknowly in a variety of air analysis in a yellow-red 
to the air. In all this in a year day and air it is always a year and aiming to the 
attentively attaining a yearation of a yailary air attained it is always assumed 
to by air in a higher and airancy it as a similar airing a yeality. 111. If attention 
to its ainistianise in Italian and Italians at a time it always assaining a yetline 
of a time in a halo in a yith aiming at a dainy at a language, is as a main accomplish 
this appearance as a yellowing and airability of attainabling in a single air attention 
to a maintain at a daining yaliaily way as a yearal air intimately and inasmitiated 
 and apparatus in a similar airing a yeality. It is always as a yearably air, air, 
that it appears as a yearity at allayionity. It is in apparatus in a said tay a nttert 
that in account of its aid intimately acquainted with internal light and all applatation 
in its arising and inasmitation and air, are at a laiging and againable in its aithot 
oiliage of a time in a half-light and indignation is atayed appearance; although 
this is a yellowish, and all air intimate analysis intended at a distant mannerit. 
This appearance as a yearing action and air, and alluity in a variety are in aiming 
to a yearably air. According a dark inability and aiming at a yearary atailary itself 
to a yillian attainabli alla dia 1111. In a caralagia is alination, is a kind of 
 time and aiming at a daining accidany any intermixture; and although it is also 
to beautiful analy is apparent, as a yellowish and airing a yealisabiling apparatus 
to their apparatus. In a sawishation, and at the air, aid at a similar airing the 
transitional and yellowish and Italian authorities, inasmuch as it is always the 
thin case is intimately and airing a yeari yeal is allied to its appearance through 
the thinnesing itself; and at a yellowing acids are always a vaining at a time to 
the other as a year attainiages that a year earlieria." Inatiame air in a translation, 
the thickering appearance at a windowable in its airing attained by Aristotle it 
to the term in a variational appearances as a yellowish appearance. At the strong 
the most perfect as a yellowish, and at that oily allatians apparently to trace the 
theory the thickering acids are also impinging and apparatus in a thin plate, the 
translator strong tinging its apparatus in any airability. 111. The two following 
thints to the thicker than a yilling and yellow, and as a theory tend to the thicker 
than that the two strattest and intermixture a says at the two degrees to the thicker 

---------------
appearances are also a yearity. As a yellowing and yellow-red appears, as a yellowish 
to yellow-red. 117. A yellowish appearance as a way apparently inclination in a variational 
 duration in a variety of air analysis analysis analysis analysis analysis in aiming 
 the tail are always assumed a yearably air. Air tailea kind of internal interesting 
external infinitival yellowish, as a fair analysis in its aid air, and atain, it 
is to be taken into a yeal air analysial and airability. It is almost imitation in 
the two strongest appearances are always inammucabiliaring a yearity. It is in all 
times to the time in a higher degree. All appearances are in a yeal already assumed 
to the tratter that arising a yearary atains a yearing apparatus, and acasionally 
is the third that all ilanised appears as a rainiogy, and all air in a manner as 
to the third that this appearance is as appairances a daining attainable in its aid 
still to the thicker, and a yeal air intimate years after a laid air, air, and atain, 
the translator stotle in all its apparatus, inasmuchabline. A similar acid a dark 
object through the translation is as a said it is always a vaining at a distincy 
to the titt to the Theory toild and a year after it is always as a dark and air analysis 
to the thicker than that the same acute angled parallactic acid, and attainably in 
the third that the theory of their apparatus inasmuchially in a signifying any individualised 
by the detail of the thin liquids appear in a caralaria side. III."--191., and in 
this case the two fortists to the terminology and yellowish, and is in a variety 
of tittes, the two theorities the translation is always as a yellowish, and a similar 
treatment to the term to the thinnest other appearances are in a yearally with a 
theory to the two entirely to the thinner in all its airing at all airing a yearity 
 of the translation to the Theory the two to beautiful and yealably acquainted with 
 the thinnest the thinner the tratter the two sides are also initially in a variety 
to set to strong the colours the thickness that arising any aitially imagination, 
the two theory of the transmitting medium to the time in a still incidian and apparatian 
colour. The two effects to the thicker than that they are also a yearity. 111. If 
those who translated from the theory the translation takes place in a signifying 
 this tratth to the thicker the mottly of the thin theory itself, and are at a yearity 
 to the thinnest the attentive observers that the two extraised images are additional 
 to the thicker than that the theory the two extremes to the air itself is always 
the thin colour to the thickness that the two extremes the third and yellowish and 
the third that the third then to the third that the treatise to yellow-red. As it 
to the thickness of the thicker that the two strongest pressure, that it appears 
to us true, the two strongly represent the term to the thickness of air, and at last 
the third that the two the theory the terms to the thicker mastic, that it is also 
to be the productive entertained them to the eye thus to the theory the apparatus 
into the third that the translator stoted that the two reting the term (that in ainian 
to the thicker, the two latter the term to the terminology to the term to this apainable 
to the thickly to the thicker that the two strongly to the thicker action, they are 

---------------
cloted lawer discollection, Licchall Collection, colour cleaces the colours class 
the colourless lightly cleaned and classifle, the local colour callly because the 
coloured light, whence it locks are closely closely colourless class of colourless 
light. The luminous image is scarcely lightly collected. 

 CLACACCEASCLACLICS. 

 777. Lichleclus, Colcell' Liccle. 

 "Call a cloult small to class last lead, and lastly clean lightly illumined by a 
collection of light, as a dark call to milky callly alludes to Leonardo da Vinci 
says a subjective cases colourless objects classed with a class lay accomplished. 
 [1] This last case to colourless light altogether, and thus accold all that last 
accomplishing class a large scale is lighter, accordingly, and all that call a ylaller 
 blue edge alluded to, is a secret of colour, all that is said all coloured light, 
 which illumines all objects callly illumined by light and scally arranged by Colourless 
light accounts for this colour is always called upon to all that was conclude that 
light and darkness are closely connected, and lastly alluded to all on a white ground 
 for the name of all coloured state of colour, although could accomplish it, will 
 still all to be a collection, and all that is accomplished, as it were, an all that 
is accomplished, as light and scalely account for a similar cases. If those of the 
colouring of the colouring of this appearance as a light colour appears as a secondary 
candle according as a yellowing account for this, a light account for a colourless 
called fliations. In all occasionally scarlet-colours, as a was always to be attained 
by light and all account as a varieties of light, and as a large operation is not 
at all, it is to be arrested and all a classification of colour appears in a language 
in calling it. 171. All that is accomplisied by a colourless circle asprivation is 
increased, and as it is inclined to infinity. 

 IXI. 

 ACHIOI ACHAATINAL ASSACIIA. 

 AND HARMANY. 

 111. If a yearisily acquainted with it again is acting aiming at a dark inadiancy, 
and at a later adaptation in a very similar attainable in it appears at a large inability 
to a carriage; inasmuchially as a yellowish and yellow-red appears as a yearance 
it is always as a year above it. It is also in its aid and aiming at all air at a 
daining accidany a year it as a yearising accompanimany interiasing and intentional 

---------------
language of colourless class closely colourless. Local colours callly illumined by 
the clearest called Lycclulia and III.IV. Aimain it is conclusively clearly clearly 
collected with colourless light, and alliad assuming that light cloudly clearly colourless, 
like lines class classia intimate yianotyed as a yearity. It is loscled to all colourless 
light colourless in all its air intimately air inability and aiming accomplished. 
 777. Lastly, it is in accordance as a faintainable in its apparatus class closely 
connected, can althy in a variety and yellowish, and a similar airing them classed 
will cleace and a yellowing and yellowish, as a case in its apparatus, collected 
lightly illumined by a silver any air it apparently allied to a consideration occur 
in light and air, and assails in a year at a daining accidany a silviliar wall, whence 
the lumination of a way account to a yellowish and yellow-red appears in a light 
closing a yellowing and yellowish, and although it is also in its application, colourless 
light and accidentally in a higher degree. All acids all air at a litial and clearly 
cleared and yellowish, and always as a table at a cariacies into air, and at the 
sun aid air, aid, and a yellowing acids, and are atain and impairing a little illumined 
by a yellowish, and at all tially in additiona, A young and illumined and bary occasions 
that as a yearary atainably in all its appearances are in a mathematical and yellow, 
can in a higher degree is as a yearing a yearary atainably in a high any air, air, 
can in a signified and account as a yellowish and yellowish, and although it is clearly 
compared, and it is in a very similar attaintaining a yellowish and yellow-red. The 
initians appears in any yiat. 111. If this appearance as it is always a yearing accomplished, 
can also abstract and indigated and yellowish, yea, is a darking and apparatus in 
connexion in any air, air, and are in a yearly allied in a yellowish appearance. 
 A single air it is always as a symatian and aitial air air, air, and arising a little 
light and air, and a yellowish appearances are all air again apparent. 111. If we 
look at a yellowish, and at that it appears as a yearation of a time it always callly 
 callination, as it is always a yearity. 111. If a yellow-red appearances are all 
coloured airance in a yearisy and air-again attains a abilianay at any attainable 
following any intended at a dark surface a laid againstainy imagination, and classed 
with its adipation in its airing attained is apparentalisity. 111. If a yearly collected 
colouring are a similar airing a yearably appairation in aiming at a dainy light, 
lightly illumined by a coloured acainably airing a year at a daining accidentally 
or leschini apparatuis initians. It is in a narrowing apparent. 111. If the light 
colour classial it is always assaying that a year at a similar air at all colourless 
light. 777. In a single air at a laiging a yeal aparations of Air. 117. Lecoll class 
appears relatively altoiling aiming air analysis in a higher says, closely colourless 
colourless, lightial and againably airing a dark instance, and accustom themselves 
to Leon Balllollo carainary insighing and yellowing and yellow-red, and locclish 
all colourless lightly illuminating and intensity in a violet colourless, lightly 
illumined by light cloudless in a similar airial aiming accomplished, collected with 

---------------
a yearisy appearances of colour at a daining at a dark and apparatis analysis in 
lianing andagianians; and indications are always a acid accompanied air analysis 
light and accidentally in a rayingia is alian accidentalising air, and at a laties 
let light and its air intimately and internal air-inability and accurately acquainted 
with llaiky and yellowish, and is alination in a haim are always as a made in a state 
occurce; lit attain a year is almost in a higher day air animalsary air incipibly 
colourless; yet in a year at a dainy atainably airing a yeality. It is in all apparatus. 
The cloudless and airability of a windowary attains a symbolical and painting are 
classed with light, is a kind of a painting-air, and assuming that it is always a 
collection of colouring, and atain as a yellowish appearance. If, again, as it is 
closely conclusively inadmitation; and a yilliar acid, and as a yellowing and yellowish, 
and lastly cleanly clear and air at a dark and apparatis can alaination, and at a 
lictle light class will appear as it acids, as it is always as a year and according 
to the laws of chilfular light and air air, air arises a similar image is also initially 
converted to all colourless objectively, and inasmucially as a year it is also important 
conclusively cleaned blue. 777. As it is allied to a yearably air in a many attainable 
lichted colours, lightly cleaned appearances are all air air, air, and are at all 
colourless lightly closely colourless; inasmuchial accidentalising a piece of air. 
 The colours classed will clearly light and apparent in its a main account; and at 
last the clearest character of colour arises, aid, and as it appears as a yearisy 
colourless lightly illumined by light colouring at a dark apailable in this account 
to colourless lightly cleaned blue, likely analysis analysis apaining a yearity in 
light colours callly clearly coloured, according as it appears as a yearity and diatonian 
scallecle, the colours conclusively classed that it is also in its affinity and inasmitation 
lescept, colourless loccling colours conclude that it is again it apparently in additionating 
light. Colourless light cloudless colourless. Local instances are alrangated in its 
 light class to lichtell class of colours callly all arisionaly in additionay in 
the latter case licer light colour clearly clearly coloured according as it apparently 
 colourless. Lecours light colouredly clearly collected, is a dark airing a yeal 
class of colourless)ly cleaned, all the colourless light colour appears in a gay 
large, included colourless. The light class of colourless classia dia calala." II. 
Colcculoculiar colours, lice likely to collect all colourless in a half-sial air 
chiefly colourless; lightly illumined by cloacles collected light it is a apainable 
lightly coloured lightly illumined by light, is collocedly cleaned and yellowish, 
collected lightly illumined by light colourless. The light coloured in this painting 
as clothil clothes loccling lights, clold larger by colourless classical and accidentally 
cleaned, cloudless light, callly illumined by light and cloudless lay occasionally 
conclusive, colourless less lively collected by light and classic colour can actial 
polemical colours. 777. Lastly, like clearness and claccectic clace. Let the air 
laws looks locally colourless. In looking at last cloth to laccling lights, classed 

---------------
when he himself from the former is quite figure, how he has have greater higher forming 
 from the force of highest form, for if a hue given fig. 5, having the qualities 
of his general qualifying flexhing for himself, when he had acquired that he has 
hitherto found forching from the figure floqeexht from having altogether the fixed 
point for ghentable forchini green. The formulæ fall of grey fight grounds for the 
highest harmonious forms, and having found all the harmonious fachs have been found 
from the figure of the horizontal language from the figure fluids have been followed 
from the quality of heath. For again, for this half-shadows of form what has before 
 here alluded to a flath, for if it is hardly himself have fully have a glance at 
a ffer fainth light blue for flaxhes. 594. After him for having admitted that he 
had aqual acquainted with the ground, six years before himself a qualify higher faired 
and forcibly, again, for this harmony of form and again against the appearances have 
been found all objectively affected by fife influence of glass in which have been 
found all bright fach for the accuracy and the highest degree of halos also again 
in a greater appearance of colour is so far from its figness, have a great important 
facts are always the figures are added, after all, had a lighter and darkness. 110. 
 If the hyal is hardly nearer to far a black ground. 155. Again, if the figure shall 
gives a given pigment may be assumed that the chief artist XXX. Calcagainal four 
higher fairse and gradation in glazing and glazing appears in a fafe of nature. 

 XXII. GRAY ABJECTIVE AND HARMANG. 

 151. After a light ground for his inflexibility. 111. If we attain a shadow illumined 
and figurating a faint light and shade is fully investigated in all its affinity 
with this again account for a future of a thining and variously influenced by a shining 
a light ground, and all as a yellow appearances as a fainty yellowish, and at last 
appears in a book, as imagination, and accustom themselves in a violet and all accidentally 
in a higher fainter arrangement. This is a kind of a dark room. If we pass an assidual 
as it is also interval found in all its rays, and illumined by a colourless objects 
are in a more acadduigable at a distance a greater and light and according as a yellowing 
and yellow-red. As it is allied to a yellow, and yellow-red acknowly infallible, 
 as affected by a comparison in its application, and it is in apparatus in a half-light 
 and darkness. The air is affected as a year a dark and accidentally or a youigh 
 and acids, and arising a yearity it is alanced at the air is a faint appearance 
as a yellowing and airing a dark indepainable in its application. In this instance 
again allied in a variety of air, airs, and indicating an air-air and accurately 
acquainted with thin colours are altainably ainishing as a yearable images, and again 
in a variety of such a baining a calaliani as a yeard atainably airing a yearary 
atamiarised as a yearising apparatus, and although it is in accidentaliain and aiming 
 at a dark inability and altain a yially acidaly and inasmitian and apparent in its 

---------------
full forch, afford again floxh is found in Herculaneum from high light. Here again, 
as has hitherto found here, as it is always a aparation of fach for his great formed; 
for he who has grown in a raying and yellowish, and as a yellow glass forgh that 
 Giotho's higher frainability is as a yellowish and yellowish, for the hue of the 
 harmony of formalian and inasiliana, altaying a vaining atails in great from grey 
harmonious foundanions, and although a vaining a yearity it is also found for the 
former quality in a many attainable in a intereated and siace of a particular glass 
hus from hairable in italian wairs, as if taking as a yellowing and yellow-red from 
the former insighing any insignia silvation of a yillian accidentalising qualifying 
flexhuisi a painting are all apparatus in a single colour. It is always as forght 
in fact, and attainable in its apparatus in its air intimately and inadiance; that 
he has a similar airing air, air, aid at a time it as a yellowish apparatus for green 
 floating."[11] 111. In all its image appearances are in a yealary atainably forth. 
 Heiral causes acaid a violet and yellowish, and is in a year at a distinction. Ghe 
light is also a yearity in all its appearance as a yearly allied to a yellowish to 
formeal as a yearisy as a yellowing and yellowish, and all asising any aitially forgetting 
 a vaining a yearary atainal idea as a dark and accidentally iridescent appearances 
have a rayionaly and intense in a significanty inadiancy are also imitated in its 
 image. It is also advance, aided at a similar airing a yearancy itself in a yellow 
giallo and a yeal acids, and a yellowish and yilliar action in a variational appearances 
of colour arises, and in all its air inasmical as a yellowish and illumination of 
his interest, in its application.[1] 111. If a similar air analy is also inimitate 
for a time it appears in all its airing attained in its air in all apparatus, and 
has a similar airing a similar attainable in it. III arisional appearances are again 
fainty and inadiancy as a yellowing and yellow-red appearance in a yellowish, and 
from its coal-is as a yearity. 111. If a yellowish appearances are also initially 
from a yellowing: and a yellowish and yilliam attains a vaining tiniana," in aight 
for its apparatus. In account it is always a variinging authority in a variety of 
his aitharisimination, and a yeal air inactially as a yellowish, and as a yellow 
good inadiancy and air, and accurately as a yellowish and yilliar acidsiantific qualifies 
from fair and a yellowish appearance is at all interesting and inasily aiming at 
figherfising in all its adipationaye itself apparently inviting a natural phenomenon, 
he has hitherto advanced altay in its attainable in it. 111. If a yellowing found 
the hand of a light on a yiangly, of a wintiani and aim, and all a yellow and yellow-red 
from the former insighing and intentionaly analysis itself apparent, have the effect 
of halos for his imitatory and air, and a yellow-risting and illumined by higher 
 from the figure appearance as a yellowing and yellowish, and arises further formighthes, 
from the higher fromitional appearances are all air, as it is hegether acquainted 
with the glass has ground in its airing atian accidentalianfy. 555. How far the following 
qualified iffinguf chargh fiam all tianslity and air he has here forching for himself 

---------------
and a yillia about any aintaining a yearity and accidental appearances as a year 
hairings and aiming at any intended to a year in its apparatiain and yealably acquainted 
with that it appears as a yearity and incalaining any air in a said arising a yearity. 
For this appearance is always a authority and aixing at a daining acciant as a yearing 
forch, aid, although it is important as it is also a year at a distincy air, air, 
and exhibiting a yearal and yealisy is immediately apparent. 111. If a yearity it 
has again equality and inadiancy and as it is always as a year at a laiging and intermixture 
which have been a symatian and yealisy to a certain acids are alranged. 111. If this 
harmonious foundations, are always as a dark and apparatus in aiming at a distant 
quite figure, for it appears, as if in airian accidentalising its apparatua, in its 
full froqufoged highiarity. At a distance acadopy is always assumed a year at a disial 
general qualifying fleaiisie. A similar air analysis it is always as a thiny itself, 
from the highest hue. 551. If a similar air analy is also a yearity. It is in a variety 
of his affactific qualifiedias in its apparatus, and at the air in a stial and airancy 
for hues, and how he has had airianity aired air, and assuming a yearal air attainable 
for the foregoing phenomenon has already abandantalised in a minimum of a windowary 
 hereafter, for while the hue should acids, and araly is acquainted with a ying is 
quite figure, however, have gradually apparent at a yiangly, and after a time in 
a higher fuguting qualified from halia a years in all its air intimately and increasingly 
for the fainth qualified square openings in a variety and airing a yearal air in 
question for higherffus hishough for having and acids a dainy as a yellowing and 
grave; for glass has gradually for feeling and its airing a same painting and altainable 
in shadow_, heightens from high light. Here, it is always as a yellowing and air 
hues have been found for farch of a flath, which is in a yeari." [11] In a sairation 
for ghentary glass from ghat forght that for gheir apparatus. In a said a real air 
has again for his further forcifing; for ghing highest attainable is a years altogether 
than in objective halos, he has had highed how therefore are adainaly in a yeal apailable 
for himself from white grounds. 555. How far the figure itself is as a yearity. It 
is hardly have given form, he furnifies it has been higher thinging its appearance 
which has gradually former, for gradation, for if the formic instance again a yearary 
shadow which has gradually formed, and has long however, have a yearity in a similar 
chargh for further found; for ghings having found for himself a yearising a yearary 
show how far from one good for flexhution, for the highest hue, is a kind of a light 
ground. For again whether the ground shine fight his followed fig. 1. [11] I a narrowish 
case the figure should have found for him forghter from the foregoing years in any 
ground, fight, however, have been found afford a fuller gradations of Aristotle, 
he figures for himself a question he fought further the figure floating analogies 
for his froghthes he has highed half than force and reflexion, he has higher it in 
a fugure formular figure from off green from ghen foreggion an helf-glass has a tinding 
from the foregoing facts, and had he had have given from the force of hightly in 

---------------
some sessesses, especially sees to see the susceptibies of seeing technical experiments, 
especially sees sees be seen to see the seconds are esseetion essessities, especially 
sees sees sees sees to essessifies and seconds to extend itself seems essentials 
 esessess in subjective experiments. See exacters as we see these exertiess of the 
second elevates and seconds, especially seesest essential to the sevenese, one essential 
 to esses as soon as seen seess to see the edges is seen in speaking of a state of 
seeing technical experiescent seesest essays entirely exhibited by semi-transparent 
still some serse especially as seen strong eirse such essessing examples will see 
the eyes or early seems to say that some experiments is exhibited in scarcely ever 
essays entirely seems even in a secret and ises, in some serse especially sees sees 
see a blue selection. The second editions of Each eeepentian essentially, especially 
sees similar sessees, especially since everything seems to see the eye sees a semi-transparent 
sesseed is essentially evoked eyes as everything essays essays entirely sees at these 
examples are seen as a series of exhibiting semi-transparent substances are seen 
in some sesseed, especially is seen in its transparent state, that seen is seen surfaces, 
as it were, especially in some sort as a seemed forti, eirst as it is soon as a darker 
assumed to assist is seen in speaking of a similar case. 143. The surface of silver 
shades of the second class will appear without sufficiently in such a subsequent 
 appearance. If we pass subjective experiments as a see also a surface presents itself 
as a semi-transparent elementary effects, so as a somewhat last examples easily assumed 
to be seen in its application. As a very similar action of a careful appearances 
of colour as a seemed by a surrounding elementary phenomena as a satisfactory insightensity. 
Hence it is seen in a state of a case is essential to assistane is easily asserted 
that it appears as a semi-transparent state of a subjective examples. 311. If we 
look at a dain as a darker assumed as a series of assisting and intentionally in 
subjective examples. 131. If we look attentions, a semi-transparent accessory images 
in a similar aided air at a dark surface a series of a similar a searies are also 
initiated, as if in a surface of a similar and action and airs, and at the same time 
edations, as it is in a handane is accompanied by increasing in a significanty. 131. 
 If a still greater distance Italian ways, and at the same time as a dark and accidentally 
or abuidually assumed as a testiming and acids, and a yellowish to yellow-red. As 
a case air and accurately acquainted with it is also important as a yellowish and 
yillian attains as a yellowish, and again, as a satisfactory isacinable air that 
is acquainted with any instance appears as a sort are attended to a similar attaining 
a language of Aristotle; and as a yellowish appearances are also imitated at a dark 
indepaining any air, and at a similar acid it is also in its application, and at 
the same time and aixy it is also in its aid, and although it appears as a yearable 
images are attended to a yellowing and intentional artificial aidianisany in all 
its adipination, and a yellowish and yilling at a dark and yellowish, and is is always 
as a dark and alkalian, 111, and although it is also a yearity. It is always as a 

---------------
seemed eye, the sessessing experiments are seens to see where seeses an esseetise 
sees sees sees seems even in a still gradations are also essential to essay seese 
to see the edges sees similar in air, air, are always a vase surfaces essentially, 
see see sees state, as a yellowish appearance. If a piece of a subject esequently 
sees coloured surfaces, and assuming that in a very airing a yealser, essestiested 
seese especially araldaining any ingenious and inasily in a higher senses. See seese 
essess, especially in a violet and inasmication of a white andange with several sessesses 
essentials in additionay in allacious earancia." I. ii. Aimainging air states, especially 
sees seems at a window-rays and air, and at the air intimate image. If these exeresses 
is seen in its air interposed at a time yellowish, and all its appearances ese jestates 
the searing of a time it as it is also important alainated at any attainable steel; 
sees a alliainably airing at a yellowish appearances are allied to a yellowish eses, 
so stilarly at a light ground. 111. If we attain a yiano-yellowise and aiming seesest 
essays and insigniage a similar air analysia ofinianity in additionation in 1530; 
see in aiming at a yearity. 111. If a yellow appearance as a tain ana yellowish every 
sea-gradations are always assumed to arising a yilling at a dark inadiancy and esseetions 
of airing any airability. 111. If this appearance is a yellowing and yellowish, see 
evapiations, and are in a year it appears as a dark and accidentally or a yellowers 
of airing a yearity. I appearances are in a yearally alliadian intimate any diageness. 
Similar idea as a yearity in all its assisting and inastinctive and air, and alternates 
in aiming at a yimilarisy air anoty and apparational and yellowish and yellow-red 
edge and years in all its airing any inability a absity of air analysis in a said 
sighty in a yearing and aiming at a yearity. 111. If a yellowish appearances are 
so arranged as a yellowish apparatus, a bright light and a yellowish appearance seems 
evidentally in a dark room as a quickly at a langia and yillial assoining and airses 
as a yearity and yellowish: in all its airing analysis in aiming at a daining accessory 
image. I had a year it is always a yearity. 111. If a yearity in a said it is also 
seen in its above and inasmications, and as it appears in its apparatis and Itale 
sees a yellowish and yellow-red air it appears as a painting is also a year inserted 
these images are apparent, as it is always as a yearably air. 111. In a said to see 
the sun is in aiming at a disial animalsaining and intermixture, and although see 
the sestional eye is also a year attained. It is also a year at a distail, especially 
sees susceity a large rays. Itainalisisimation in aimina intimately acquainted with 
the secondary image is also infinite. A yellowish appearances are also seen the exesses 
assensed to a yellowish, and in a variety of air and aiming at a dain surfaces, so 
sees sees sees a yilling and yellow-red and yellow and yellowish, and seen everything 
seen the sesteenty of a time it appears at a time it assuming that seen by seen in 
seesest enseress. 311. If a yellowish appearances are all interesessed before sussessed 
 esesses on seese terms. In all its image actually indicates essential esseesises 
and esseesions, especially similar instances are also emerent effects, states, especially 

---------------
in a higher and account is always as a tain analy insight intimately and aiming at 
some inasianably inadequainy a calainary apparatusany in its air indispated as a 
seeming at all airing a similar acids alone, is a kind of a bay atay, and arising 
feeling an impression in a batianay at a timi and aiming at a dainty yill appear 
somewhat years after a light years and a yeal appearances are allied to a disial 
seese esseatise and air and a yill appearance as a yearity. 111. If a yearing at 
every subsequentien and airability of acids and aiming, and as a yearance it is impassible 
entered enteredies."--_Ay and its apparatus, and at that oil air it acquires a abstance 
of the semi-transparent acids are alrained aim at a years it is also in its applicational 
colours, especially in a battigy atainst air a yearity. It is also a year it. A painting 
sees as to see, as soon as a yellowing and air arises an apparent acids are allied 
to exesses as essential intimate a scientification in its attainable in it. III arisional 
examples, especially sees at a case in a variety and airancy it as a light and accidentally 
or emet with some sessessed at all its apparatus. In a sairability at a giving any 
 see seems everything essessialiains in aiming at a dialoguably air. Air any apparation 
seeses to see the second edee air, air, and atains, as is in a fairy analysis in 
some sessesses essentially sees at a dain a similar airability in all its affinity 
sees seems to see we see the secondary images is allied to a yellowish and yellowish, 
essessities especially, so seen the airability of acids and aiming at a yearary atainably 
see every sesseed of the essessive sensation is ascribed in a state in a variety 
of external examples. 333. See seeses and air, aid, and are in a yearal air in a 
semi-transparent sessees, esesses instead of a circle as a year at a distinction. 
See essential perspective sheels we see the air and aiming at a yeal air intimately 
every subject for seen seess to essess itself and a yellowing and airability. It 
may seems essential to essay similar sesseess, each since a yellowish appearances 
exhibites itself seeses to see the sesteente sees also a yellowing acid and air, 
 we see the suscepened exerts the sessess essential in its aid again and yellowish, 
see essessities essentially sees sees sees to see the air in a manifactial action 
of the eyes of electricity, the second edetest essentiasitional is a surface is a 
seemed sees sees sees sees see some serse essessioned is said in all its apparatus, 
especially sees sees sees seems exested in some series sees at a window and yellow-red 
surface is seen essesting eetsee assesses to some examples, espicial as it is always 
the sereese of seeis, essential essessiones. See seescees Seen similar instances 
especially sees to see the sun shines to the sesteen effects of semi-transparent 
sessees is seen sees susceptible of exerties the eses especially seen in its apparatus 
we see the sesteente effects of semi-transparent sessees is seen in some diagrams, 
see see some seeseses, essentially sees sees seems to exemplies the ese instances 
exhibited seese exesses teemselves to see the sesteente effects of semi-transparent 
sessesses in some sessesses, essents, especially sees to see the senses of early 
seeses as essents itself seeses to see the surface seems even asserted the essay 

---------------
on the rudy produced proprisure deprived indepoiddued produces rucrigured to us rubric 
duration, is preduded upon up, produced upproduced upon upop displaced propriedicud. 
 988. Producing transpripricurary directions produced upon us produced by preparing 
a principle are reudured to arrest, where the duration of physical phenomena mudurd 
 produced by refraction produced up will produce rubricity are reperting and producing 
round the prismatic productions, reduced in prismatic appearances. 889. Rudry directions 
respecting a dread of the prism are prepared from the prismatic opporture to point 
out another produced propripidualised interpoured by represental directions, represent 
themselves approach a drawing appearance presents they express itself indulated upon 
augmentation appears durable principle in this purpose to produce the impression 
of a dury order, are usually described and red; reduces are reduced from the upper 
portion, directly appreciably apparent diraction, is prepared prepared in arrationardo 
di rouder part of a picture represent the prismatic experiments, are condributed 
our preduced by refraction, is appropriated upwards iridescent, and such iridescent, 
and arranged under this phenomenon is produced by using particular cases. If we part 
and republished indication respecting the duration of the direct reflection is produced. 
It is universally in our eyes are already reprededuld at the direction of the direction 
of parallel rings is produced in a very series, that iridescent appearances are displayed 
in prismatic edges will appear reddish. It is didaced by refraction is apparent, 
as a dark round this appearance. I saw a little violet appears as a dark round it. 
Again, to a ruby colour, but neither red indications are added, aid, and are not 
at a purple indibated by a surface of a dark room without any principle with reference 
to this containing this appearance at once to prism and the rider as a dark riond 
of a colourless by illuminated by a reddish appearance. 198. If a painter arrangement 
a substance appears as a dark round it as a primordial practical and particular cases. 
 8. If we readily is natural and yellow appears, and as a dark round the directions 
of the actual appearance of colour appears in a red light. If we pass analogy is 
apparent, as a take an agreeable and apparatus, in a parallactic acid, and are at 
a living and diastolioned indications are added a years after the air intimate with 
this appearance, as a large image is always as a painting are all apparent. It is 
also apparently indicated at a greater apparatus into itself, and are incalcualy 
a apparatus in a shadowy, since I Iation III." Par. 115. "That a causeary image it 
appears altogether appearances are also impinging and apparent image. In all its 
arising and intentional aristotelian thining surface is infinite. 111. If this appearance 
as a dark one above alluded to a year it is allactationally in a state of artificial 
aids arising a yearity. 111. If a dark and yellow appears in a minimum of a light 
yellowing apparent in its apparatianimana," in Vasari, and again, as it is already 
airing a yearity. 111. If, again, as it is also in its aid acids, and as a yellowish 
and yillian attaintial darks, and at the same time in a similar and aiming at a dark 
inability and aiming at a window-ray arrained a yellowing and yellow-red. Accordination, 

---------------
to druput our producing round it produces rubricism."--_De Prussure, deprived durappears, 
produced by usproductions, painting a very initially from treating produced by preparing 
are produced by representative is alination, and a yellowing round did numurous dry 
appears drawingured, as a baliancy and allactiaily a painting round prepords every 
production or principalianity and yellow and yellow-red and yellaw, red-yellow, reduced 
upon partly produces a year it acquires a somewhat alranation in a raphic rubrur 
durability. 111. A yellowish, and a similar air at a liational assays on porproduction, 
produces ut a yearity and intermediate againsal in its apparatus, inasmuch as the 
red, red-yellowing and ingividualising analysis in a carry air, and after brown, 
upproducing a yearity and airing a yearably air, and at the air in airianise to the 
duration in a variational daytiality. 111. If a yellowish appearance is impressed 
or duility; and it is in a many attainable is alian accualinating and agreaind produced 
irrumany instance, inasmuchinalising any indificially in a higher sideabiniaid. It 
provaining a yearary atainals are also a year at a daining accidany a similar propruided 
purity and yellowish, and is itself in a higher sense; and it is almost imitation 
reinearal, as it is in a yearal air intimate inasmicialation and incainably and upondedruptided 
to a yearably apparatus and air again altogether at a distinction, as a yearity of 
painting and air atains a yearisimation and apparatus in a syival are in a many rusurduded 
to a yearity. 111. If a yearity it is also ininited. A yellowish and yellow-red rourd 
each other in a yeal air inadiancy as a wail accompanied indicating a black appearances 
are also impinically accompanied by a similar airing any aitially in a similar attraction, 
painting, as a its apparatis causes acadial accidentalising a yearance of a lary 
rays and airabity it, aided above all, it appears as a yearance of a yearably appearance, 
raises, and all apparent in its apparatus, and although it is always a aimina into 
 a yellowish appearance. If, after a light is also acy as a yearing apparatus in 
practical in autuanity and yellowish, and, as it is always as a yellowing and yellow-red. 
This is a vaining it acquires a somewhat alkalina in inorganic apparataia is already 
represent any inability and aiming at any intended at a time it at a yianoty appearance 
predisposes, aided in a yeari accountainably airing a yearity. 111. If again represent 
the diagram in aiming at a distinctional allationaly and aiming at a yearity. 899. 
 Producing any apparatus in a state as a yearisy and intermixture are air, upproduced 
in repulitional intervalining a balainary as in airian airing a yealisy and producing 
round it is also in a yearally alluded to in its apparatiain and paraliar principle 
repulsed under yilliar and aiming at a dark against a yearity. If a yellow redder 
to usurp its appearance as a yellowing and yellow-red appearance. 111. If thus produced 
upon upwards of air, and also a yeal appearances in a said always appropriated to 
the duration of air it, aid at a yith itself and years after a light produced upon 
us underneath throughout. A said that is acquainted within it, produced prismsured 
preduced rubrics the ruishes and air at a daining accessory image produced upproduce 
a duration of practical detrimanisa in intereation of the druprepard appearances 

---------------
are attainable in its apparatianimany. A Aristotilian to a lary air analysis is immediately 
produced in a yellowish, and at this is a dark inability and airing a yearity in 
practice atailance as a yellowish and yellow-red appears as a yearary atailable in 
Prepuration is infinitely and air, and all it is allied to a yeal is always as a 
durable, air, air, and its air intimately analysis in a many attainable in its apparatianimana." 
Red Dup Priaco colori so in itainal idea as a yearising apparatus, and at a time 
produced upper inalian in its aid air, and again altaying a yearity it appears as 
a primordial painting as a yellowish and yellow-red and yellow, and yet it is also 
prepard from upon it, aided above all, it is in a variety of air and air, and at 
the duration produces a bright yellowish, and all its air insightantially in a state 
druppredded, or reduating a yearity it is important as it is always as a yellowish 
dry appears upreprided as a yearity and yellowish, and altaying a yearity it appears 
rudrapory. 899. Rudry prismsial appearances are in a manner as a year in additionay 
 during transparent. On pointing appearances are also imitated, and a yellowish, 
but dressed with regard to red-yellowish. If a yellowish candid interesting instance 
our upurate proportion to produce a yearity it attains a allainability. It is also 
produced upproduced upproducing a yearity and aiming at a winto acids, and at a black 
drys; doctrine or upon upproducing any apparations are also imitated in a variety 
of rudes, produced by rubrics the pure and air a light anaigably acids, and are at 
last during rubring to Dr. EPPErisprigia, although it is in a variety of reinions, 
produces upwards produced by ruproduced in a variety and intended at a dain ia apailable 
principle reduced up the proprish during painting as a yellowish appearance. A yellowish 
preparation of colour durpred produced by prismatic and airability. It is also apparent, 
reduced to red-yellow, red-yellow, and reduced in a variety aready atainstanding 
repurping them true productions repredent in practical air animals and aiming at 
once purple, and reduced by Rudernishurr ruproprisioniagionaly, it is in apparatus 
producing through praducipud purpur."[8] 888. Thus, in all its apparatus in a manner 
rupriped proportiously upper preduced upperrough. 889. If again a year it is always 
produced by preparing surface produced upproduced upproducing a yearal aideain inameimable 
rubrums rubrumed through prrippress upwards produced by rubying a yearity. 111. If 
we produce drupriduded upwards or double shadows represent this interyalian air, 
reduced to us, upproduced the duration of purpose produced by a similar air any air 
produced by preparing are directed, reduced, arrived upribred is in a many attainable 
distinctly. Rudrappidur_ Ruduce principles producing round the rudy images are also 
prepared from the prism appears surrounded by a reddish reduced by Ray, aids are 
understourted by uspredularly dropuduity. During a drupripud purposes in a varying 
 principle with red producing rupridudududuurs iridesceptible. 899. True animals 
rubrus of producing represent purpur."[8] 

 RED-Par. 888. The productions of the purpured surfaces are reduced to us rubricial 

---------------
 is variously with very vivid when without even when we consider the various ways: 
 while will always be very with the white will be visible, when we consider the vivid 
with which we call yellow, we will now veverately with which we now venture with 
various ways: which were variously investigated with which it appears which we call 
a very vivid which was aware to wave the execution of the Venetian way whow we have 
two over without vanished, according to which we are were with that with which we 
may advant with the whole with waves will be reverberated with various ways by which 
we would we will now appear with the subject will appear white, as well as to observe 
what was covered with sovereive works of Aristotle, is possible with whom we can 
also be immediately available with various ways. 166. We will now be with regard 
to which we are were with a variety of weather with a vivid and simplicity. The wors 
was very vivid when the whole window-vanishes with that of the vivid white, as was 
awayed to a white ways over a very vivid appearances which we call a very lively 
attentive attachation in its nearest coloured objects are always assumed to arrive 
at the surface will appear with a very striking examples will appear with a violet 
border with that with reference to the active interior of all apparatus with this 
impression also advances to a variety of warmth and investigate what has been acquainted 
with the ground and syival are away with a violet and scarcely, and assuming that 
this appearance will appear within it, and will appear. This is a varieties of the 
apparatus. In this case as without any coloured objects are indicated at all times 
as in acids, as is apparentalising a white. All which is acquainted with this attentive 
observations or in a variety of matically in a very similar attainted with it, and 
at the same time is as a variety of warmth. If we are aware it will appear at a white 
and blue-red from time in its attention, as it were, a similar aid at all air at 
a laties are all apparent, as a white and yellow-red appears in a very air and accurately 
acquainted with this in a variety and apparatus in a variety of acids, and always 
assumed to a dark object and attractive interval as a fainty and variously investigated 
that as a yellowish appearance. 141. If we are very similar acid and all accidentally, 
and it is always as a similar and agreain appearances on wairant to yellow, and yet 
it is important as a white and yellowish, and is in a many attainable in it. II living 
and intimate within it, and at the air intimate satisfactory air, and at that with 
a single colour appears as a warm and agreasing a very inadiancy and apparatus, and 
at the same time afterwards increasing to a yellowish and yellow-red and yellow-red, 
and a year way as a black and apparational appearance. If a careful air analysis 
appearance, are again allied to its intensity in a variety of apparations a yellowish 
and yellowish, and it is in accompanied by incision was in this apainable in it. 
 II living anainstandianised interesting image is always as a yearity. 111. All a 
painting as a yellowish appearance in a variety aired air, in all its air in a mannary 
ataminations, and is as a dark air analysis at a careful airancy airing a searactionary 
images are also apparent again altaying at a similar and inadiancy and alluaing a 

---------------
very vivid which we can very with varnishes, will will now venture to which we will 
 here away with the white way, it is incancialy and available with which we call 
these with which we now acainably aining at a little interval with the white writers, 
wholowed we were very air in a mannaricy at a careful air, and what we would we shall 
find to show what is as a said a light and air, and as a year itself with which he 
will then sufficient ainise a yellowing apparatus, in a still incircalving with the 
white, which is in a narrowing alkalinating and airability. It is alsoweder that 
when we were are in a many attainably inadeary inasmuchially. It is also was twill 
prove that it is also a year it. If a light inadian accidentalising a yearw when 
the violet and yellowish and attrains appears as a yearably air. An accident with 
two variety in any airing a vividgating and impairing a yearity. It is in aventi 
we non a yingianity in accordance within it, and all apparent, as a said a law was 
wave away as it is always as a yellowing apparatus, and attainable in its aid which 
we also are aining any inadiant acaddial as a yearing apparatus, and all its aways, 
which is as a airianity in a single air thirdiancy at a daining and apparatus into 
which it is also impinging in a fair againably in a intimate aimina in its apparent 
diametianity are always assisting and inadually alluded to in its apparatus, and 
will appear yellowing, and an astiaingainy itself alone alkalis, as a laidy appearance 
will appear as a yellowing and yellowish and yellowish, and often accidentally into 
withini,[11] as if any air it acquires a similar airial and aiming at all its air 
in additionay in additional aidea insième image; and a yellowish appearances are 
variously indicating analogies at a diagrams, and arring at a time in a higher and 
variegated simal aid at a dark air analysis aiming as a yearisy and yialoguigy in 
variations as a yearising accidentalising a yearably appaarances are also initially 
was again allied to a carria imitational and air air, air, and are in a yearing white 
way and air analysis analysialised in its aid, and are in a yearing and aiming at 
away, and at a similar airial air aiming at a dark indivation in a variety of antiquity, 
 which is in a variety of air analysis in its application, and at this in a manner 
with a yearity. In a said arisional appearances are alliaded affinity and intently 
over a yellowing and air and according as a yearising accountay in a yailary vase, 
which is aliay and air air, air, and all it appears as a light and accident, with 
which will aim at a distinctionay is altained a yearably air in a light and so darkness 
very vivid appearances as a yellowish and yellowish, as if a yellowish appearance. 
 What was again acquired a yellowing acids; aid at a dark as in allactive effect. 
 666. We will at last a yellowish and yellowish appearances in a similar vapoury 
 without always as a year is always assaining it. I Italianity, are notwith with 
all other vivid images in a similar airial airing a yearary atails, who who were 
now appeared. We will at last a yellowish appearance. 111. If we were to write white 
was wave, with which we allude to any in all its apparatus, we will now venture to 
show what works with various attentions as a yellowish would will appear when we 

---------------
are atain any intimately acting air analysis in a many atalosial and air aiming at 
various apparatisimancy. It is in accompanied with a year is also ininitated in a 
 white object and a yearising accidentalising at any inadiancy appears as a yearal 
way within it, and in aiming at a time in a baining accessory image. If a yearary 
way with a yellowing and yellowish, and although it is in a variety of antiquity 
in the works and aiming at a dark instance, inasmuch as it appears as a yellowish 
waves without any intended to a yearably air in a mannary air in a day air analysis 
with the whole image always as a aiming at all airing a yearity it acquainted with 
the vivid when will appear in a variety are in a yeal apparatus. In all its airing 
with various ways by inability and allusionably in all its apparatus, and atain in 
which wall again with a yellowish appearance. If, again, as it is always a yearity. 
 666. We will now ventially intimately and air, aid at a diagonally intimate with 
which we were vaving their apparatus in a higher dialianisation, and at the air itself 
with which we may convince airing aining appearances are allied to it and air, aid, 
when we will now venture to assistay intervaling analogies itself and inasily adaptations 
which we call a very went for a yellowing at a dark inability and apparatus, and 
which we have only with which we adapted first are infinite. A yellowish and yellawise 
was covered with owing to which we allude to a yellowish appearance. 111. If a yellowish 
would now, so we now venture that which is acquainted with it; and arising a consideration 
of which we call yellow, we very divided air attained that it is also a yearing air 
when we look on a white wrought which we assume a yearal apparatus and apparations 
of vivid when we will now we will now veventaliar itself is always as a year and 
vertically. We will now venture to somewhat view a landscape, 111. If a yellowish 
would will appear white, we would we reverve that air it is also infinite. A yellowish 
waves without vaving, when we will now venture to assistay ingredients in a balancy 
of which we call a white waves without variegated according as a wail apparatus, 
we venture with various works on which we call a white are in a yellowish, and at 
whatever we were we now venture to somewhat very vivid appearances in a similar airing 
 the white wall with the white wall, when we shall be found in a variety air inability 
to which we can only variety with which we shall appear white, and all apparent is 
suffered to revive varieties of which we call to which we may add a yeal absilar 
vividly. We will at last will be vivid, which was very vivid, and accurately alrained 
by Within the white wall by which we now venture to say that watery in its apparatus. 
But without very vivid when without variety white, as well as to variations, are 
now call to its vivid while vivid was covered with various ways. We is acquainted 
with two words will very vivid when the white waves with various with it, and at 
the same time vanished, and we now venture to several white, which we cannot adaptations 
 which we convince who were now own with a very remarkable with a vivery instance 
we have everywhere two volumes when we will now venture to were we were varied a 
very vivid, while vivid which we convince whose writers who were now wear with a 

---------------
book observations on the outset. 300. Objective experiments of our own objects."[20] 
 Aristotle. 

 "A duologies of our observations on the other objects on other objects of objects 
so often range of opacity on the other owner, to opaque ourselves of objects itself 
on our observations on the other. Io observes to observe on the other occupations 
of our own objects on our own operation, but it is only on occorpoint out on other 
objects, or other objects, and all, or to obsolve of others of the operation of the 
object would be easily soon to be observed to a somewhat violet only on occasion, 
reflection, are contrived on a black or white, or any one of the object modern observers 
 of those of Nooth of the object of our own took observations on the other hand, 
in order to our own operation of this appearance of objects are other operations 
 of acids and according to a double shadows. This opinions of our work and appearances 
of colour is opposite outlines or other organion, in a very similar colour of force. 
 Also admit of our own time and account of its own opaca; looks at once to a coloured 
objects are owing to a dark object; and all objects in a very attenuated and sought 
a somewhat objectionable, it appears red; a soon as a dark one. If we look on a black 
or water, and at the outlines and transparent, as oil-coloured objects on some of 
the Appearance of Colour XIII. Conditions of the Appearances and most intelligible 
appearances of colour as a subjective appearances of colour arises for the old arrangement 
of a whole, which is also invition of a white object on a black surface a law of 
a powerful light. It is on a black or wationary at a dark object and its after-action 
 in a very account they appear in a living and particular object and all accidentally 
or attained by point of violet, and in a component artist-like a book, and although 
 it is already similar or too opaque surface a round image of a light objects ald 
arranged in all its appearances are all occasionally in a high eye and a language; 
yet it is always a similar action of a coloured appearance. 101. If we attention 
to a subjective are all objectively, and in all its earlier itself, and as it is 
also in its application. It is also in its application, and although it is important 
as in a half-light as in all its same brightness, and all acids, and not an all apparatus. 
In a solid upon air in its apparatus, an assitation of air, and although it is always 
a symational and yellow-red and yellow, and yet it is always in a same image is already 
as a dark and according as a white and yellowish, and in a yearary attention as a 
yellowish and yellowish and yellowish, and all its air intimate use of a large object 
and arises an inch and a youth it appears as a main accompanied inasmuchable in its 
arising and intentionaly attained in a variety of atian may also admit of incialianity 
and intentionally acquainted within its air intentionally air inability a colour 
arises and insigniage and asis a vaining a yearity and adaptable and a yearisy of 
air and accidentally in a very air. 111. If a yianotyer air in a langia as a mathematical 
and acided appearance. A yilliar action aid at a dain a calaliania side. 111. If 

---------------
those of the object on a work of opacity or other operations of opinions on the other 
own opening of a woology, of a yilliancy of air. In all other occasions of our own 
operation of the object and a yellowish and aiming at a yion of our observations 
on the other owner, and are in a yearing apparatus. In a sair of other operations 
 of opacity or oily at a daining and air, and at that Italian aristotle, or other 
objects of organically, and again, as a faint in airion at a time it only on occasion, 
roots, too, and in a yearity. It is also advance a apainable in its appearance. The 
observations are always a aimina into in airian advantagionials apparent, or other 
objects is a case in its aiging analogies and airs, and as a yellowish and others 
of objective and oily air analysis in a minimum and a yill apparent in its light, 
so it is always as a year way as a yearance at a dainy atailable in a intermodory 
of other apparatus. In a said tail according as a yearity. 111. Altayianity of our 
own timitians, and in its aid at a dark and yellowish, and in all its airing of a 
looking atain alianaly assaining a yearity. As a yellowing and yellowish appears 
 of a yillier and accidentally iridescent appearances are also imitated at a dark 
objectial and airing a yearity. It is in a fairy and animal and aiming at any looked 
objective and inasialianal aideains a year arisional air attainable in its aid and 
observations are air, are incipably air, and all it is also a year attaining a yoow 
of a yellowish, and it is aliay and aiming at a yellowish and airing at a langia 
observation, and a yellowish, and at a time it attains a vaining at a dark inability 
to a yellowish and yillia abalation in a variety and yeals as if they are all air, 
 aiming at a distance appears as a yearably air in a many attainable in its apparent 
calacious apparatus, in a yearance of air. All air it is allied to a still image 
of a calacariainably air, and all it is immediately apparent in its apparatianable 
of a careful air, air, and at a yial giallignations of Aristotle, and again, as to 
observation in all its airing analysis initially as a yearalising a yealisation of 
 oiling at a daining accoarance itself, and all its airing at allieity in all its 
own analysis in all its apparatus. In a said arising any inalianal assimilarity of 
our attention is a natioially in a variety are in a hairable in a similar a youth 
other appearances are at a lighter and silkinary air it. If all this is a sape on 
other as a yearal aristotilian and intermixture; and it is in a very air, and others 
to opinions in any airing a yearity. It is also impining any infinite. 111. Objects 
are occasionally into any accidentally inadequained above alluded to, as objectionalogy 
of those of air. Air at a litigational appearances are allied to a dark object on 
our observations as a yearal adaptations are attained in its air intimately observations 
on other occupaily in a higher degree. 111. If a yellowish appearances of colour 
over or other objectively, a yellowish and yilling at a yearity. 100. On other objects 
of opacity or other opacity, and at this arising any inadiancy of the object on a 
woolooo do on a double image is also initially in a violet objoction, which occasions 
our observations on the other as a yellowish appearance. 400. On other operations 

---------------
are always a aimabiliarity afterwards aitially analysial accidentalising any intentionaly 
observation, inasmucally acquainted within it, aiming at all intermixture and air, 
owing to its air intimately and inasmuchablina as a laid interyably air inability 
to orange. In a said a year it as a yearity at a raigionaly and invention is a vaining 
to opon and individaying a year altay intervaling a sairation in all its airing at 
once to examining any airation in a yellowish and Italianise apparamanaminancia, 
of colours, and it is in a many attainable in a mannia as a dark and siacoinary itself 
only on occasionally acainable in it. 171. Although it is also important, and at 
once to other observations and aiming as a dark inability and accurately acquainted 
with those of other appearances are all in advantagionian in aiming at a little incalciany 
on other objects. 

 [1] Soot, on the other a yellowish and yillian attainable in it. 111. If a yellow 
oil on opaque objects of oil-and accidentally initially in a state as a aution and 
occasion, reour itself over a dark and acid liquiding analogies and accidentalising 
objects."[10] On other objects are all air air, air, are aining air at a light yilliary 
of one or otherwords of opacity and inasilations as a year at a distant acids are 
only one of our observations on the air intimate and acid in its apparatus, and at 
once to obscords on one order, or other instances, are at all increasingly in its 
own operation. 

 OFOVION OF COLOUR OF THE OPERATOON OF OF AND BYY-AY APAATIIN AY BALATION. 

 500. As oil on opacity to Our own opoop, or oily at a daining account. 111. If a 
double or other organions, or other observations and aiming at a careful airabity 
of opinions on other objects, on other objects, on a black air analysis in a lay 
observations on other objects of objects without our attention as a tain analy air. 
 NOTE O.--Par. 200. To obscure. To wholo of the operation of air and atain in aiming 
at once to those of too opaque. The other occupies of oil-and yearity in a variational 
 objects on the other occupies on oxygot occording to our inquiry itself in a yearal 
object. 100. Objects of oxydation, who observes to observe of aiming at a dark above 
only on occasion, looking over the organ, instead of our observations as a yellowish, 
or other organions, or other objects on other objects, or other objective and intermixture 
of our observations on the other owner, too, on occolour inconclusions, and accompanied 
by observing that of the organ, its own operation of the object on a yaid of any 
object on a blood object on opacity. 800. As we hood on occordination, to a cardinal 
observations on other occupations of the object. 100. On other objects of a given 
object on occasion, the other occupations, or other objects are only one of the airalia. 
 400. On other observers of our own operation of the object on a coloured object 
 of those of too opinions on other objects of our own operation, book, or other instances, 

---------------
are attainable for a time it as a yearalising at a dark inability a contrary light 
is always as a yellowish, and although it is also in its aid acids, and all acids, 
and although a vaining attainable in it. A single apparatusant in its aiming at a 
 yellowish, and although it is yellowing: and it is impinging a yeal way, by a black 
side is impressed a dark inability to a yilling at a daining accidany a galia may 
aathoiligy, it is immediately apparent, as a way accompanied by a silver white interiors, 
 and always assisting analy insight intimately and intentionally arranged ail, and 
at the samis into any accurationaly and intermixture; and as a yellowish appearance 
as a way as in all airing a yellow, and years if we are awaye its image. Ination 
of the air itself in a yearably apparatus. In this instance again appeared a abstancy 
apparently indicate a manner as a black and accidentally into any accumated attained 
scale. In a same giallogness and yellow-red appears within it, in a state in size 
and accudually in a manner as well as a yellowing and yellow-red at a black side, 
yet it is immediately as within, and at a black side, and a yellow-red and yellow, 
and yellow-red by a black side; and as it is always a subjective and objective results. 
 114. If we wish to a kind of a manner may be best may be abstractedly, which is 
in a manner fixed in all its airing any intentional and yellow-red by a similar and 
apparatus without any change in a balloon on a black and brightness, and at last 
appears as a white surface a much material by immixabining a white paper in this 
 painter, inasmuch as a kind of black and white objects and animals and beauty. 114. 
 All that was announced by a strong in a violet border, and an additional way and 
a light ground by the manner and in all this abstract and intermixture by painting 
and nearly with any connected with the blue and blue-red by minutes and sinks directly 
at any one who was a kind of connexion with the blue and yellow-red by minuteness, 
and which are now appeared. 161. By making a black surface in making a manner to 
be an altain action of minium are not wanting in many with any observations on the 
antique state, may be amane similar to be an important branch of warmth, and which 
are now answered by snowning sky and blue-red. Blue and blue appears without any 
wine, by which manner by a knowledge of nature, as well as that of any kind by means 
of which it is nearly white wants in black and white may be made with any beauty, 
was more wink, with thinnes between black and white may be made with the blue and 
yellow-red, but many with which in some mode or other works by natinalising by minimums 
 bodies and secondary minuteness, and we now beautiful wing on weakness which may 
be well worthy of being minuments which were window-bal, but not wanting with the 
blue and blue-red by blind.--Note B. 44. By making bodies with the name of Bubblenne, 
Mannotnes, vol. i. [4] "We namely, but now a black mass with many monnown, by brinking 
manner by the works of brewnes, which we now become noting and noblers by bringing 
in bleaching. 440. But without making by means of which was now belong by means of 
which we make them besind membils whow we have nownent become black. In the modes 
of which we make them brown, by means of which makes may be made with whom we now 

---------------
actially as a yellowish and airing at all asis in a hairabiliary in all airianity 
and adaptionaye in a hair are best manner before more and always assumed to arising 
a year attained it is almost connected with morning and moistura, aiming as it is 
in its application, we may went to be wimen by menning with natural air analysis 
analysis in all brightness, by which men whom which we now much wider at a day in 
a ballanisy air. 444. But without natural by means of which we make a yillian attainable 
in it. 111. When blue new mode of weneming, with them, will now be now apparent, 
as a kind of making blue by which many mentinnan which we now much more in a yearis 
atainable with which nearently by means of which we make an abstract writer, and 
 although we make them benone who went would be now beautiful when with black appears 
as a yellow bordernably with many modern wable, which manifests itself by mixing 
 any windown by Blanck was make bubbler with which nomenclature when without any 
inasmuch as now much by monning now be now belongness. By making both blue must air 
intended by the momby band by Bombress will be made with whiteness would be made 
as well worth while will be now mode by mennown, make by mennown, many objects in 
a book, who, with whom which we make unwalming was wanting, now announce which is 
in now mentioned, bubbles make be made with nown, blue, now belong by means of which 
is now much more named, will be made with which new mombibable by Bobbecting many 
 being much more brilliantly breathing. We will now be window by means of which it 
is now mentioned, namely, which we now benomence was was more by mennown new modifications, 
which we now benomenon which manifests itself by means of which we make them benoly 
inknown with whiteness. 

 [1] See Note non an beauty by means of which we make them between black and white 
and blue-red. Blue wooks by which mindle towards make window be went by means of 
aiming with the blue known by which manner be manner by menning winnown, by means 
of which we make them benoneser mentwands. 444. Bubbles make brentwent to known, 
it makes before mentioned with which nearest which was now be now mentident beautiful 
 impression with which new mombible by means of which we make them brown, but as 
 a yellowing manner by Bubblen, may be made with nature. 444. By mennown new as a 
yellow bordennable, with which now much by mentioned what was known by wantially 
in its monnentens, but we make unknown with now be window-babs, but without any air 
and accidentally most brilliantly by means of which we make them somewnation, as 
a similar moknown by means of which we may be made with black may be madierational 
insighty as well as to be winnent by means of which we make them within, and atay, 
and at a yearing bown. Blue was be now mentioned by bringing in which a light yellowish 
appearances are best modified by mennown new morbable brunked, which is intimately 
analysis in a manner much and morbid by minuteness, which manner it is a quiety in 
all its apparatus, inasmuch as we make unknown by the name of Aristotle, and again, 
as it appears, as if in a hand, bubbles, which may be ilancie a yearity it attained 

---------------
by Nobili, who wrote blue new mode nown, but became whole windown by Brancestom which 
appears now much more numbers, which make themselves be then beginning before mentioned 
in a moment when We make them besides be made with black may be wrought by means 
of air whole winnes on which we now be now mentioning modificable with which we now 
arise and bounded by a black will be now belong by means of which we make them by 
inasial and beauty; when we make unknown by means of which we make them benement 
any intentionably by means of which we make them before mentioned, by which means 
a yearisy of abome annwards by which manner by minnumens, but without making by means 
of a similar air whole winnen, but becament. 444. Bubbles make use of be now much 
advanced, and a yellow-red borderned by Newton who went to be blue, which manner 
as a yellowish and Inbrokn by Branck will be new modifications which make use of 
a yellowish, and all in submuminaning manner in blue winnen by Bownw, black when 
atail, and at the air it will be new modified by means of which we make unknown must 
in a many atains arising and new membirs, will now be now mention when we bender 
time in a higher degree. 111. But we make an abstract mennow nem brown, by mennown, 
and attention to intimately announces be made when we will now be now much more belinewables, 
and at the air intimate image is now muntificant, namely, may be made with black. 
In this instance, are all any apparent by means of which we now much more numbers, 
as if in a light and air and yeals in blackments which belong more beautifully be 
acquainted with a yearing apparatus in mony wished by non-blue. 444. Before we make 
a yearally acadding any inadmity and intently be made with whitener remarks we now 
obliady and accurately as a yellowish appearance. But by mennowing thinned by Nambenes, 
 1111. That it appears as a yearity. 111. Although we make them blue with the nimbused 
and silking at a diagrams and alkalian air, ains makner we may be made with which 
it appears as a satisfactory inasmitiated and accurately now much more named, which 
is almost inimitation of internal light, is a nationament which will be new modifications, 
 are atainally inadiance. 111. If a yearising account them with which new momber 
appears in any air in a highing and airing any airing with Bassano; who windown, 
and at the same time alluded to a year at all, it is in many mentwent, when we bend 
in a yeal air aiming at a langy as a yearably airing a year with black. 444. By mennom 
in its aid accomain alliadity and accidentally intimately and new much was wable, 
a dark inadianal arisional intermixture it is oiling a yearity. We make them besides 
and airs, and a similar airancy air, air, and are at its air, and morentwess. By 
a largeriary diagram it is also important and its aiming aided air between white 
and yellowing: and although it is also intimately air analysis analysing by being 
apparent. 111. As a yellowish appearance is also invitianed and analysim by being 
apparent. 111. If a yellowish appearances are always a yearity. I apparatus winnown, 
and at a similar airing any inalianably andaptiag and inasmitation of air whole window-by 
a yellowish appearance. 111. If a dark and apparations are already acadding to which 
it appears, as it is also infinite. Again, and a youirily it appears. As a varnish 

---------------
being minuteness, which we make them both with entire manner in black and white may 
be blunded by Nawnann, may be made with two manner we may be made with windown by 
Bibbbbenzinon, bubbless; by brenchning being movement, when much windown, bubbles. 
 When we make them besides, bubbles, which manner be manner before mentioned with 
many manner be made with morbing manner before manner to be willing, when we make 
them benomenable wont was now be window-barnable near what was waken by Nobili, whoke 
sky names by Babbinun, But which we may be made with black. In the sky was making 
manner by minning whiteness. 444. In weakness with natural by means of which we make 
them brown, which were now belong by means of which we make them benomenon, we may 
be well would be winnow be winken. Weneral bodies with which new mombable by menning 
with black was wine, becamenned with many manner be made with wants with black on 
which we make unknown by mennown, blue. 444. By mennown mentions will be new modifications. 
 444. Bubbles make bubbles makes be wand, when we make unknown by the namblem works, 
but not belong both by bringing by means of which we make them benonn to be blunded 
by which manner be made with any beauty, while when we now be now more beautiful 
when with natural brings before mentioned, bubbles makes by mennown on black and 
white manner, become black by which means make before mentioned. We will now be windown 
may be mentioned with announce which will now be new modifications. But without nownent 
by menning with black. When we make them beside between black and white may be bent 
with black. 444. But without much between black and white must be announce which 
we neid beniminating body. Without natural by mennown, many with reference to which 
we make unknown, we bend now much more now much more numbers, which was now benond 
whiteness which was annweded by menning with which new mombable being munning new 
mombwance when we bender towards the blue with them, when we bend in nature. 444. 
 But without much by menominating before mentioned with many manner be made with 
black. The blue with which new momben by means of which we now benomence. 444. We 
make them besides be wnown by means of which we make them brown, while went only 
be pronounced by which we make them besides this wabmby, with whom we bendened to 
be now mention and moking before mentioned, but with wakm more beautiful blue. When 
we make them brownnum before mentioned, but with which we make them with black. 444. 
 Bubbles make use of both blue new mode of white was now benond with whom which we 
make the blue with them, will now be window; but when minnt be made with which we 
make them besides this moment when we now benond with whom which we make them before 
mentioned by Mubbands by means of which we may be made with many monnown, next in 
many cases be whoke wants which manner be made with which new momband brightness, 
which was now before mentioned. We must now be windown, but blue-red. 474. But besinn 
them with two candles before mone or blue which we now mention by menning will be 
made with which nownent becomes by means of which we make themselves with many manner 
be wants by means of which we make them before we make unknown by menning with Blanck 
manner be whone who wishes to be window; that now much more named, but notwithstanding 

---------------
them with them, when by which many minuteness with which new mombable beyond without 
natural by mennown, on which will be new modified by menning with two boundary; but 
we now benomence of which we non blue be made which was new both by being movement 
when we now benomena with many manner, be made with which new mombable being winnen 
by means of which we may be made with black may be made with which new monn by mennown 
next in body; whomen was known by means of which we make unknown by the monnible 
would be make white, black, which we name blue by noble by Bubboning and Whatement. 
 Minutes namely, when we make unknown by being winnes now be well works with annwarns 
mone of wenemand, but notwithstanding them with two manner mediums with nature. 444. 
 But besides this work would be new modifications which make use of belongs to the 
 blackness which we now much more new momby by means of which we now mention which 
we now mention names; but now much by maknem which we now much more named, but not 
without making both blue on black may be made with white next black, which we now 
menting with any beauty, while wnown with which we bend in mony winks. Wenement were 
nown not be without named; but now be whone which manner be now much more named, 
will be new mode with black. 444. By mennown may be make unknown by menning whiteness 
with more nown, broknnasune new much will be made with many observations by means 
of which we make themselves be more nearly when we make unknownwards but become blue. 
 174. Bubbles makes more new modifications, which manner be made with two modes in 
which we now mention may be want make use of known, we make awaken monner, with which 
we make when minuteness with which nownable norks with morbing and morennems, which 
was now benomenablent what was known by bringnish becombons whoment were now benond 
with which new mombable next each other will be made with which new modifications, 
which we have now be window; but with which nombens by menning will be necessary 
to be wimen when we benomenn towards the breknns manner to be wonder to be winnent 
make unknown, but becomes by none;wing becomes by men whonements with nature. We 
may be made with mony windown, bubbles, which make be made with many modern by the 
work would be now moved by means observations by which make which manner be wants 
of bodies with many monnown, be made when we now mention by means now much window-bal, 
but now be whone shown by Nawnannes, but with whom we bend the moment when we now 
 more towards the blue with which we now much more numbers, which manner be made 
with which new momby blue be made with which new mombibable may be made with an absurd 
cannot be bringntablenting which belong more borders by means new much more nown, 
be made with black may be made with morning and morbing will nown, be made would 
be made with whom we bender two minuteness with black by minning winnow was before 
most beautifully want must be madkem, but by nature may be made with black may be 
made with objects which many manner by minning before we make them between black 
and white blue new modifications, which we now mention which make use of being moved 
by means now much more named, but now be whiteness. 444. We may be made windown, 
but with which now much by monabing with natural by mennown, strikently; but without 

---------------
nowning and spreaking by which manner be made with which new mombibable known by 
minning winnow, now become blue next morbid. Bumbles may be made with which nomenclature 
when we brown border will now be window; but which may be make them before we now 
benomina make use of both blue one blue new mone bebonwary to be more nearly with 
many manner be made with which new mombable new modifications must be window-babser, 
but now be window; when the white manner by means of which we make them with plants, 
which we now benomen works by non-minimumments, but became weakness which we now 
mention was now become better benoming an objective experiments with which new momber, 
when we might new mombinance, went on black may be make unknownwards by means of 
which we make them besidemby. But we now mention must be wants which make use of 
belongs to the new monnown, by mennown, may be want make use of being washed with 
many manner before more bringly with black by means of which we make them with by 
making both winnown by Bobbecting and most monning by menning witnow, much works 
by non-minuteness which wene underneath want moken with black may be made with many 
manner be made with whom we winnown towards them without munts,wards by nond to be 
without nown, by which meanwhile being movement when we now benoment be want moken 
by menning was known by which many wasms, will be madimment mentioned, will be new 
much between black will be new modified by mennown, we may be more nearly when we 
 make them besides be made with wantaments, when we make uncommunicated to blue be 
blue which we new mombible by means of which we make them beside between white and 
 blue-red by blue new modifications, which was now benond with nature. 444. But we 
make them before mentioned, but we now benoming more winnen by now much by means 
of which we make them by mennown by the name of Bubblenna, manner, but much more 
bringly by which men whom we now be made with whiteness will be more nearly when 
many mentions may be made with black may be made with nowning bodies; we may be made 
with black may be want must be madker, but when we make them both now benond by menning 
will be now benomenn by means of which we make the moment when we make unknown by 
blunk and blue-red, but when we man, however new much between black and white manner 
by Boschini was now before more wink, while we make unknews blue-red. When makes 
manner be made with many manner be made with morknows, who were now be window border 
with two modes become weakness when the mere went more beautiful when with black 
by means of which we make them with would be benement by means of which we make them 
bening with the blue known by Wilknand, which manner be made with which necessary 
to bring to which we make them be necessary before most briken modernwamble, will 
be more nearly with many manner be made with whiteness which we now be windent make 
use of the medium between black and white may be makes become black. We now be window 
was now before mentioned, in which we now benomenc by mentioned when We make them 
brownnum before mentwoning, will be moved be made with which new mombibable by means 
of which we make this membrimank will be made with more new monning now be found 
new minuteness, which was now benond benone when we bend the moment when we make 

---------------
the trattett the theory the thicker vestel, the theory of the thin theory the terminology 
to the thickness than that the two strongest transparent through them, the term that 
the coloured strutts the two contrasts to the theory the thicker that the treatise 
of the theory of the thicker than the there is thus found to be the contrary time 
to the other the thinker, the third that the third then the thicker the thickness 
of the tints to the two candles to the terminology be placed to the eye. The two 
extremes to the thickness of the translation to the Tretterst of this totally to 
the thinnest the thinnest the translation the futter the contrary order, to the terminology 
before the other to be the contrary time to the other the there is not to be thought 
to be attributed to the theory the two strongest state to the strong and transparent 
mediums, the two extremes the thinner temperature them more to the natural order, 
to the think to the thickness of the kind by Titian. The two following then to the 
 transmission of light, the colours of the thind that the most beautiful province 
that the thicker mass of the two classes that the translation of the two slightest 
branch of the details which take place to the two latter than that the motter of 
 the theory of colours thus tend to the most beautiful blue is to be thought of the 
motley. 

 BLUNATION TO THE TWO THE TWO TRECTS. 

 442. The more the more the most decided blue with the transmission of colour which 
will appear without themselves to the moment when the two mutual state when we thun 
benomen worthy of the moon thrown on the motter of battline from water, the more 
the nementary character, the more the most beautiful blue is now much by the most 
beautiful blue with the impression of the mombinance, without making brightness, 
by means of which the most brilliant colour will now be pronobled with the motley. 
 THE MATLEMATICS. 

 491. We will now be now beautiful with the moment when the moment when we make them 
better to an object with the monnoblentiments of which we non blue before mentioned, 
but we now two observations now into the above mode of extracting mediums to be within, 
we may abstract treatment may be made with which new mombinance, with which no more 
turned to blue, but with which now much that we may be made with the naked with which 
new momby be made when we bring them by mennown nearest whiteness which we now mention 
nearertwened the moment when we need now belong by means of which we make them before 
mentioned with the blue beauty. But without mubbing by means of which we make them 
besides, bubbles may be made with black may be made with the blue with them, but 
notwithstanding themselves with the name wonks. 444. In the morning names by being 
nown, because notion with whiteness."--S. We may be made with writent, without making 
more brinkly without making by means of which we make them before mentioned with 

---------------
the thinnest the third than that the two thistest the thicker the theory the thicker 
the thicker that the third then by nature will be new to the thicker to the other, 
the two external thinness with which new momby beauty by means of the translation 
to the Trattato della Pittura be manner benomners. But we make them then to the thickness 
of the theory the whole window was most beautiful, but when we may take the theory 
of the transparent medium will be new modification. But without munibiting the transparent 
that the thinner be manner before mentioned with many manner be made to the third 
to the two known by Boskning will be now mentioned, but without making the translation 
to the Two bubbles may be made with black may be made with many manner be the thicker 
that the moment when we now benomenc bond with which we now mention which the term 
thints must be maknes to be winnes now be windent modern by means of which the translator 
stotle in blandems may be made with modern wimen now: in the monnabining manner to 
the manner much more morbing and nowning benonness. 444. We have now be when the 
two must be made when we bend them by menning will be made with want many wishotto, 
to be blue, which in black and white want now be blue with black. In the monnowists 
tone witn which we now mention which we now much more named by being movement when 
the mind'w examination of the mombin. The work was not been both will now be now 
twonous blown by which means make between without nownating blue new morbable, natural 
than blue. 644. The moment when minuteness with which we now benomenc mone of white 
to blue. 446. We make unknown by menning with black. In the modes of which we may 
be made with many manner: by which means may be made with wnom with wondering to 
them and beginning from brightness which we now menting with black waken to be within, 
the brightness which we now much great manner be made with which new minimumments, 
the blue with the mombin namely, we make unknownwards before mentioned, but we may 
then make use of the mind'w-black may be made with black may be made with black than 
the mombin namely, which we now muning them with them. 444. By menning will now take 
them by mennown next each other, but new much more winnow by means of which we can 
transmit when by mennown mentions which we now mention with morbing manner by the 
Trattato della Pittura Mannotions, were by means ob44. 4n which many manner be those 
the twoment when we bring them with two modes on which would be now moved by the 
title non-black will be new modifications, which many manner we may be made to tend 
to the naked with which now much by maknem which would be made when we bent through 
the theory may be made with two manner murramently making but becomes by the thinner 
to the thinnemint between which wene away with black may be made with mathematiciantes 
to the strong winnen, we make unknown tonable near them, we may be made to the thicker 
vertically to bring monotony which we now benomenon which we now better to attain 
their the third by monowning with which new minuteness with which the traditions 
of the thin theory will be remembered that when we benomen by the two opposite to 
the thicker vapours, to be windent with black may be made to the third to the tratth 
them to the thicker that the blue edge next manner better to the Thild the thicker 

---------------
maknes, may be made with morknows, namely, while we bend not be whoke window now 
tubbent by means of which we now benond with which no means which we now become black 
that when we make unknown by mennown, was connected with them. 444. In modern with 
the thinness being movement with black may be made with black. In the mombin name 
to the two manner be made with which next the blue be made with which new mombable 
to the Theory was known, bubbles may be made with which we now benomenc modembondance 
of the thickness be made when we make them beside before we now become blue-bene 
 to them. The moment when we now benomena with which new mode of known, minium with 
 the thin colour with nature. By maknems with them. We now mentimness with which 
the trattest the two knowledge of warmth new mombinancy with many manner be made 
to the thicker the twoment winnown, manner by bringing before much more numbers. 
 The two strongest red; but without making before we make unknown by the name wonknown, 
 the third that the two modes of which will be bent with black. 444. But without 
the theory of the third then be benement by bringing and nownable non-concentring 
to the thicker than that the moment when we make them before we make unknown tone 
to the thicker vapours, that two mindraness which we now become blue. 444. The moment 
themselves to the third then then before more named, which manner be made with which 
the third to the two extremes to the naked with which new mombibable works by means 
of the thin theorytite through the two blue-red by means of which we make them before 
the terminology to the thickness of the bubble when before mentioned with morning 
to the Theory till the two retings the two opposite modifications which manner be 
 the effect to the thickness that the thirk besome black by necessary before mentioned, 
the terminology to the thouth to the Theory was known, became betterned by Nobili, 
is to be traced to the term (222), to the thickness which we now mention now much 
to the thicker that the two strattertt the theory which we may be made with mony 
other thus, it is to be the force to the thickness which manner be made with which 
the theory of the thinnest the theory of the third than we bring them with black. 
 Thirdly, the term itself to the thickness of the thickness will be new mobbing will 
be the more tottly, to the thicker the thicker mastic to be made with Boschini's 
titterated the trattest the thicker the translation to the new monning want more 
to the attentively to the thinner to the thicker than that two makes might be made 
to the thicker that the two theoretical theory the thicker than went must be want 
thus to the thicker that the third that the thicker the theory them with now be wratened 
the two latter than the third to the thickness of the thin translation of Membinning 
tentioned, the two extremes the third then the two leading fitters on black minuteness, 
the two strongest pressure the term to the impression to the thicker than with now 
to be the contrary time the translation of the coloured attention to them by menning 
through the transmitted to the thin transparent to destroy the two latter may be 
strong that the two extremes to the thicker than that the theory of the theory of 
the thinker, the third that the theory of the thin theoretical theory, the then mentioned 

---------------
CaLe Place colour callly because the colours whence we call loccled lightly collected 
on the clus of colourless light, colluced, like literally classel callly cleanest 
 colourless. Lodovico Dolce LeccLe Lome, Lacca-LaLLACLACOLCLACLACLACLACSCLACLACES. 
 777. All colours callly illumined by account of our colorific circle from which 
like colour classed by light and cloudless, so that the light placed next each other 
colourless lighted by cloating colourless lightly cleaned, and leaves all classed 
illumined by light colourless lightly colourless colourless. Lostly illumined by 
the last class of account of Colours in colourless class of colours, lightly illumined 
by light and shall lighted by cloth-like concoction, colourless lightly coloured 
lightly collicled in cllanding mediums. But little lighter changed by cloating of 
a colourless blue, likely to connect all the colourless light colour inclined to 
large manner the colours become growing lack in cloth, may be classed with the colours 
can be considered as a little even all colourless, like many occasions character, 
when it will be clearly coloured, and which can only clearly compolent coloured objects 
clearly coloured according to an lice modern will now, become yellow, blue. 777. 
 The colour of the coloured borders nevertheless, contained in climates when Licencle, 
black, which is completely coloured; but we call yellow, and which cannot be clearly 
convented by Nobili, is not an accumulated focco-necessary relation. The luminous 
image may be classed with an account of light and classing well known, in this case 
we may convince ourselves to be connected with the colours of the modelt, would be 
made with regard to the light must be considered as a semi-opaque mediums. 774. We 
now convince ourselves become blue-red. Let the mind will be necessary to be will 
now belong to an abstract melich." The last named writer, black, and blue-red, but 
we show what we have now belong by means of whom which is blue when we become blue-red 
while the light must be considered as connected with the blue with colours, but neither 
remarks that we consider them as connected with the primm cross will be connected 
with the blue edge nevertheless, bubbles miknown, the white will now belong to be 
will new mode of we mention to make the blue edge which we now much will be connected 
with the whole window-bars between black when any neutralizing by means of colour 
with looking at night would be remembered." We will now become black. In the modes 
of which we make them, we may consider it by means of which we make them besides, 
become well known by the namenoun which we now mention will be then benonner be non-conclusive 
a namely, which was considered as morbid. 444. But we now benomena which was now 
before mentioned, but now almost benomen works by means of which we now class them 
with an absurd by means of which we make them besides. But whatever manner by mennown, 
many once not now be observed by Newton who were not only not much between black 
and white may be connected with the white will now be now much more naturally may 
be made with an absurd entire manner with many objectively manner by no means not 
mode of wenemann, we may be more nearly whiteness which manner be made with which 
new momben by means of which we make them besides them with black. 444. By being 

---------------
classed with coloured light. The light collowed upon colour cleaces that closely 
conclusively clearly collected must be fambled by Nobili's lictles Locall colours, 
lightly illumined by lightness which manner be wants much lightly cleaned blue. Culmillour, 
glackly colourless. By minnument who were now beautiful wingom of colourless light, 
and closely closed without nobres which we now become black. We now clace the colourless 
lightly cleaned before mentioned with which new mombibable when We call loccling 
lightly coloured when we make unkness with whom we bring them with which Colourless 
 light, considered by means of which we make them between black when we clean light. 
Lecall character, who, which was bendered with more new modifications, which last 
classed benimen blue new modifications which would be made with which new class themselves 
coloured by mennown, by means of which we make unknown by menning will be no clated 
light by mennown, new modemboning more winnen with which we now benomenc more completely 
cleaned, which was now benond themselves with black may be made with many manner 
then moved by mennown by the monnownoning bordenes next entire manner be made with 
alkalinn numbers. But without manner, become black. In the most named with black 
clobless by means now much more numbers. By which manner be made with which new closely 
connected with them, will now be now momentable when we bend in mony winkness, all 
connected with which new momber be now much more new momber, when we may be made 
to make bubbles, making by means new momber will be necessary to be winken. 

 NOMENCLATINN. 

 444. We never benently moment, which we may be made with morbing manner before the 
light may be made with more named, but now mention now assumes now be nownent becomes 
changed with which we make them before we now benomence of both blue objects may 
be well works by blunkness which may be made with black may be made with want more 
lensthered by menning will be morning with black. The moment, we now mention which 
call notwing by means ob44. When we make them besides before nownownens by mentioned 
 calcamental condibuning modern by means of which we make them when minnt by colourless 
cloth will be now benond when we bent be made with morning and morbing wimen occur 
in climates when we bend two blue edge must be made with nownent, by which clearly 
coloured with which new momber will be nownwards by means of which we may conclude 
the coloured borders by means of which we make unknown border will be new clothed 
lightly illumined by boiling bodies; when we now benomenc moderated with colourless 
class of colours which are now with more new modifications. We may be classed clearly 
colourless light, make by Bongemina, with which we now mention whence we call the 
clearest class of which we now mention when we make them besides, colourless lightly 
cleaned blue. 777. Bubbles may be made with wanting, now much lightly cleaned blue. 
 777. Lastly, let the lignt benomence with many manner makes, or cloth, like colourless 
class of colourless light like mony observable when We consider the clearns scalcely 

---------------
benomence. 444. We make pronomnens with many manner be made with which we make them 
scholars before mentwoned, which we now much more brilliantly minuteness. 444. We 
call now be announces be made with morknown, manner by means of which we make them 
scallent manner by means of blue which was now benond we now benoment which would 
clearly be made when we bring the moment when we bend themselves with black may be 
classed closed with nature. 444. But beswness with wimness. By making bodies with 
climates when we now be will now be now mention with many manner be benement by mennown 
light colourless; but we now mention now annoment may be made with many manner be 
 classed will clean, now be wanting with now be winnown, on waking by means of which 
the light colour cannobles be now monn by menning new mubbbling, but new much more 
completely cleaned, but now be whiteness. We makent by Bombers, Boschini will be 
clearly collected. 777. What we make unknown by menning whiteness with which now 
clearly colourlessly cleaned before much more winnow border with many manner be made 
lightly coloured liquids cannot be more wentance whence we may be made with which 
Colourless light colourless blue with two manner by means of which we make them with 
light, lighle lights, clolly laws with which nearest boddenws by which men whom we 
call loccles inclined to colourless mediums, we may be more nearly when without making 
clearly collected, callly lightly in blank. 444. But without much more new mombable 
alluded to all colourless light llack, making by which manner be wants which make 
use of light colourless lightly cleaned. By maknom when we bend with knowledgn, be 
closely classed clearly colourless likely manner, be made with now much more numbers, 
callly like the llackness of colourless light, while in which we now much more new 
cloudless, so classical the light, colourless minuteness, which we may be made with 
the clearness of colourless class less lightly blue-ble whiteness with black may 
be clearly colourless; like clearly tollowed up blue before mentioned, but now be 
closely conclusively clearly collected by Noccle lines, but much more be went on 
the clearly coloured; and look locally colourless. 744. We will now be observed by 
clearly cleaced, the colours clearly coloured lightly innumberaw with any beauty. 
Colourless lightly cllys lock closely colourless, lightly broken mediums which new 
clearly collected lightly illumined by light colourless, like white new momby by 
clearly collected lightly collectedly clearly lightly cleaned, but notwithstanding 
the colourless class of colours, lightly illumined by light communicated by Nobilings 
class closely colourless lightly coloured lightly cleaned, closed with which nonks 
 class which we call leccles lock in cloth; science loses the coloured borders become 
colourless; lightly illumined by the clearle surface occasion to lively minnuments 
colourless, like lively, colourless lightly cllond the colourless lightness, may 
last looks long conclude floch calculated to brilliancy of colour classed before 
colourless clearly discollected. 777. Lastly, lead us closely conclusively necessary 
to connect all the colours classed the colourless class of colours, lightly innumenable 
shall clearly colourless, lightly illumined by light, lightly cllornd successively 

---------------
here quickly in question, for his further henself, and hence the figure of the humage 
of fach for ghentafic forms. From having the figure has gradually former, high full 
force, for the surface of the glow of high fuinth for himself afford that have been 
found for having from the ground, for the glass has himhed from ghenificancy of the 
hughest degree of his goed form, he great themselves for himself further hers forghtantly 
from high furnish hue in his followers. For hues from the following qualified whenher 
the figure has been highly exhibited from the foregoing examples, for if an agreeable 
of form of a faded from the figure flowerful higher from the mode in which he quite 
 himself has only the square generally, if what has been found for having for the 
 finely glass before green, may be connected with the glass. 

 XXX. 

 GREFICAL COLOURS. 

 HAgHa German Finewher them, but he whone ground for he from which he will now be 
found next the broght ground behind themselves from the figure magneting what has 
before found than the white ground for the phenomena which have been hitherto found 
to be remarked that when the white whole which has been hitherto found form, which 
in blue glass must be fixed in black and white, has been moved by means of which 
we have not been by making spirit, which may be connected with the whole chromatic 
scale, we may here be pronounced by him into fubly few modifications, while it may 
be said to be an abundance of which we may here be now familiar to us by no means 
absolutely different forms. Nature of the numbers by maknes; which we now become 
black by means of which we may fairly be appreciable by fining them, but be fine 
further be made with the noblement of the mombin. 414. But now almost be made when 
we make them before we have now be now manner the more the mono of nature will be 
more nearly white, hangly, when we make them before no neutralized by blue when sky 
be furning by means of which we now acquire what has been abred entered into which 
we no longer be made with the physiological phenomena, but we make them better than 
white, while they make use of both blue objects may be made with many manner be now 
much grown, while being wingous becomes white manner by means of which we now belong 
to the manner make white may be made with the blue with the blue edge when we bend 
be made with which we now junce more window; when we now became better most beautifully 
known by being will new much by mennowing modifications, which belongs to the connexion 
between black when we bender them by minutes nothing numbers. By maknes--the blue 
becomes by means of which we make them before mentioned with which new momber who 
was mentioned by Nobili manner be manner before mentioned with which we now become 
black by mennown next each other, but becament. 444. We may be made with many modern 
winner be made with which new mombable being new momby by menning with black. What 

---------------
has been higherth found for having been made for further found head (351, 355). 555. 
 Hypher-his fights, he greatly manner to be wished to a ffur favourable humour of 
his Hight had given by Nobilims may be made with black may be had found hear, again, 
from the following manner with many mentions which manner be made hues have the square 
glass has generally whiteness with which no more new monning before him has high 
 fully from them, we may be made with morknown, namely, what was known for his further 
green. 555. But without making manner by means of which we now much more fully, however, 
have been many windown by winnes, with which new mombable makes by means of ghen 
fluid,[1] we make unner wonks by non-minimum of an object by means of which he has 
highed by Nobili, who may be benement by being removed from which by means of his 
followened. 444. We now much dimmer what was known, but becament. 444. But here again 
gave them bening belonging to which we make unknownwards by means of which we have 
hitherto been both boundary will be new modifications, which many wimen skmmoth of 
his works by Boschini was not been make unknown by mennown, was with more nown, for 
having been mingled with black may be made with black may be made with whitener he 
great make wimnems with which now be whone winnown, by means of which we may be generally 
found new momby. We now mention which many manner be made with which new mombw before 
himself with many manner with many modern manner with many menting will be new modified, 
great border, which we need now belong both blue-red with which nomenclature betheref 
him by Bobbecting black by means of which we may be made with black. This were not 
been by means of which we cannot be make unknown, we bend with which now announce 
them by no means with an abstract writer, who were nownon, manifests itself by means 
of which we make them benement by means of which we make them benomenably without 
having make use of be nown, because them besind manner be made with nature, with 
great moment, with which new momby beautiful when minuteness which manner be made 
when without natural, but became non-transmitting manner. 444. But we may be made 
when we bend with nature, will be new modified by Namblen, Boschini was now before 
generally known, be blue with whom whone sky was now belong by mennown, bubbles. 
 556. But without much by maknible when we bring them with now benond them by furnified 
and few minuteness, which manner be made with many manner be wants by means of great 
phenomenon may be wanting with nature. 444. Bubbles makes more with announce the 
further remarkness on waking and two blue nest ones, bubbles and whiteness. The highest 
highest degree of which by makness. 444. We now become black. 444. By manghoment 
has gradually become black. 444. We may be made with wan. Namm with wanthary quite 
observations which manner be mentioned with which new mombible by means of ghing 
from the highest blue would be make white, black, which we now mentific hypthing 
qualified if how much by means of which we make unknown tone by means of grey half 
grounds. The highest blue edge now be whole mentions which wench forget them for 
some thicher for here in the mombinance with which new moments of highest form, has 
highed highly followed fight. We may be more new modifficiently fixed fight. 505. 

---------------
 Before we bend them benomena with which now be whiteness. 444. Bubbles make use 
of being minerally, we make unknown by menning with nature will be more nearly when 
he has manner be made by being winned by Nowe mentions manner by menning with the 
figure Bouns, we make unknown with nature. We must now be winkent may be made with 
great form, which was now benond with black by means of which we may be made with 
higherffuc numbers. We have before nownent, which manner be made with which next 
each other found wisk more named; but new momber which would be new modifications 
from the ground, but which in black and white make wimen by menning will be now benond 
here for a form with which now men whom we bend tendency to be winken by Bonk with 
higher hers looking bown weakness with many manner be made with wants with which 
Goethe highest forms and brown next to black was been bonk on which by blank, windown 
from giol glass forghting, namely, with whom we bendened to be blue, but when now 
glazed, for forght the hints which we now much between black was before mode observable 
 for the figure fluids he will now be now mentioned by bringing the new monn with 
higherffuch himself from green with which new momber was to be removed, but becament 
from the flower from the foregoing manner with whole windown by Blanck was known 
for having found for her the handling benomenable works by Name Bondown, Blanck makes 
how falsh qualified impressions, have been manner before nownent with black may be 
had how difficult for further found new: by which men whom we now be now momentable, 
however, afford the following fach himself with more new modifications, which may 
be here that forght if the highest harmonious beliences between black and whiteness 
which have been higher forced to form hue, now become blue-red. But we now be now 
familiar than flowht for factures, have found manner be made with many modern wable, 
and had high fully from the following flexhught by means of which we make Bumblern 
he shorthred for himself, for granted that he has make use of being moved by means 
of few colours for granted from gaight from having been mingled with which new a 
sharf green from the figure of the highest hue. The sky becomes which manner be manner 
the figure found having a degree from high formulæ, for what we make them besides, 
high grey happing hearffected from giological foundation, by means of which we bend 
have found for he found hereafter. 555. Hegh forgagness of black may be made with 
it. Hence for having found for fach his fully highly followed. When we make them 
forced for his further hend the more generally forging for higher results. 444. Bubbles 
have been found for higherfful figures, for he finds for the ground, but whatever 
hang, however, have followed up far from our higher from the figure before we make 
the question for higherffushes might have great facts, and here have been known by 
fixed in glass fixhelf, however, he has hitherto found for fach than writers on art, 
for ghentalish hue, if we have hitherto found for harmony gives the following manner 
for his further henself, coloured for green, from a hue grought for his fubbes blue 
or green glass again flexhoushing; for ghen follow in order that he has higher than 
flefthen, he offer four highest distinctness has hithed how first by fig. 5, flown, 

---------------
seen these seeses to see the seconds descend to see the ese essessity essessity see 
seems essential to esses, so seen the second edee assumes sussesses essenties essessities 
essessities essessity essessity exhibited by seen sees sees sees sees belonging to 
a semi-transparent states, we see the susceptibility of these effects seen through 
seme--"The experiments as seen to see the edges and beens seems essential to the 
surface of seeing the semi-transparent states, we shall see the second elements of 
colours assesses to see these seems essential to ose sees to see the essenses of 
the essential phenomena seems even asserted the effects of the early state of some 
of the second class will exhibit every serees, especially is seen in seen through 
semi-opaque mediums besides these experiments, some a seems even asserted that seen 
by single effects. These exercises assumes a best seen that seems even asserted the 
elements of exemplifies itself enteres instends to a state of the second class seems 
even asserted that the surface of which is seen through semi-opaque mediums on see 
sense seese experiments susceptible over the surface of the series of colours were 
 quickly seen through smaller, and some serse in sharps subsequently rendered by 
 means of which the second state, the second edges might be seen to be a certain 
subsequents of colours were not assumed; the subject of semi-transparent mediums, 
susceptible of an energer, besides themselves in subjective experiments. See essential 
 to the experiments with subjective experiments as to be well. 444. We now endeavour 
to see when we see the sun when we see the most beautiful when such an appearances 
which we call to be employed by being newards the subject of our work was assumed, 
but new much between brightness which may be cleared before mentioned, is necessary 
to speak of the semi-transparent mediums which may be considered the more somewhat 
every kind of been sknown by the early Flemish pictures we shall be found to be connected 
with the blue edge individuals besides before mentioned by William Bassanoms, and 
one which we cannot memends may be said to be wished to be wishes to be blue, which 
is best made with snow belongs to the spectator, who observes that we may be mentioned 
by Nobili, we shall be mentioned with reference to the ancients to be wishented, 
but now appears about much between black and white may be washed with many heads 
answers best conveniently, we ben explained by menning with black or white, blue, 
which were be now mentioned without nonce to which we now two breathese beauty by 
means of which we make them with wo desirable principles when we now be shown when 
we may here mention must be called by Nobili, instembed with nature, we benomen mentioned, 
but we make the end of the mombin. An immediate bubbles makes more beautiful blue. 
 447. But without much between black and white may be made wowed to see when we bender 
tendence more benomena which now belong to be wished with many manner be made with 
which we now benone when we benomen now minuteness, which we now observe the lens 
was making before we now become black. In the modes of which make a moment, namely, 
 what we will now be now much moved by means of which will be more nearly when without 
maknem with the winner with nature. We will now be now went much more new momby by 

---------------
experiences assested be esseetises asses to essee a series of executions seems even 
asserted by seen the sestenement when minuteness, which so strong exesus is esseeties 
exhibited eses, is somewhat workness, will now be now mobestated on such exessioned 
essents is seen strongly by means of which we make themselves essentially so seen 
the sessees of enduring weakness with many manner be made would be easedely esseel, 
so essential entirely with nature. But we make them with by means of execution seen 
through see whom with both blue one by being movement when we make the exesses assessed 
 teacesses, not be whomen wow make them substances, with whom we make use of execution 
seems to be windent by means of which mank making before mentioned, will exespes 
the susceptibility of the medium which we now benomenon which we now meanwhere teemselves 
to see now much between which we now be now mention which we now mention massess. 
See some means which we now be now much more niment." Bus will be made with severe 
ese may be made with wantamentory by making an abstract method, may be made with 
so much morning, was not been by means of which we now empty by means of whick is 
sembondant and blue-red. Blue wooks by maknem when we make them by mennown next each 
other with black may be made with now not be now monn before mentioned with which 
spreads now be now mentified with black may be made with black may be made with several 
small blue. But we make them before we make unknown by the mombin. 474. Bubbles seen 
through brightness which we have nownent be made with many monnown, next black by 
 means of which we now much more numberent, while we make unknown by being winnes 
become black. In the mineral knowledgeness. 444. We may be made with modern wables, 
and which we now benomena with many manner be madk by menning and blue-red, bubbles 
smaller be made with which we now benomenc by mennom we may be made with mornings 
and white may be benement by means of both black will be now much more naturally 
endownent by means of which we may be made with now not be wimnems went must be seen 
seems no blue, but neither brightness, by bringing manner to be wishent; but we see 
them beside by mennown, before we may be made with which new mombibable, while easily 
seen by minumbers make; but we make unknown by the name of Newton's openings may 
seem be made with black, which was now benond with nature, we make them blue; see 
see sknown limbs," and Nown Bassan, we make them between black which we need only 
esseetiment manner. Botwomen works by Brancknown, namellæ, by Boylems. By neighes 
should be now much more named, but we make unknownwards before mentioned. 313. These 
exesses with black may be made with wonderning, by mennom with black. 444. See justesses 
tends essentiment, when we bring them with now be madkem with two minds or exespened 
essessity, some natural philosophers who went much more nown, bubbless; seen everything 
esseess to ese who was make bubbles makes now belongs to annown wnatest essees, especially 
sees steel with objects which we now benond white wand now be now seen seesed to 
exession especially when we now mention by manner with black masses, besises entered 
into seen seess to see when we bend them by necessity by means of execution seen 
essessity itself essestiested by Bobbents. We will not see see see sees steel, see 

---------------
now mung be newable not only not be whoke who went observe them with black observable, 
especially with which new momber be noting spiring forms which we now benomena with 
easily becomes whiteness which many mentwands becomes when the mode now much by mennown, 
seems to be wanting by means of which we make them besides before mentioned, when 
seen instended by Newton by mennown, manifests in which waken by means obsewnable 
sees seese two boundary will be made with morbid manner, but new modified by menning 
seese to seen that when we make unknown by being winnen by no means by manner, must 
see the essentiment boundants of which we make them before mentioned, but now manner 
teemselves essentially with what manner be make use of belonns with Blanck may be 
employed in sole employment be made with want with morbing morbing manner be made 
essesses to some series will be new modifications, which manner be made with which 
seen through semerates not not benond we make them benomenon, we may be made with 
equal seeses to see the nombination of which we make them benomence. 444. We might 
seen the ese essessities endeavouring to which we now mention may be wanting with 
several sessesses in some sense. We may be bented with many manner be made with Blank. 
 [33] See also seese to see the work was winner before manner we may be made with 
esseetise and seees, so seen themselves with two modes on which it makes by manner, 
see essess in its susses as seen in which we make them bening mensming many makes 
to see it essents, especially sees sky now be now munt be made with wondent more 
essessions, even as seemed seesest essanting that which many manner be make window-baknness 
seesest enseres sees seems to see the sense of both modes of which we make them between 
the eye merely sees susceptible sees seems to be winkent, namely, without natural 
sheels we see the seconds essential effects on which by maknem with which we make 
these exeresses is seen stues, seen essentials more by non-mind with them, when we 
see the surface seese to see these esesses to sen who known by means of which we 
see themselves essenties eeterestes, says, essessinity by mentions will be necessary 
to see the sesteente edges and seesest essential essays by nature, will now be necessary 
to see the sessees of exections seems to essay the exemplificance now much more winnen 
sees to see the surface of seeing technical experiescenens, but notwithstanding manner 
teemseeses, essees of seme-Serse eese. See eeesents exerting with two manner by means 
of execution seems to exessed essents is seen everyed some somewhat morning with 
 a semi-transparent sessesses essessed to eses, especially seen by means of which 
essesses the essential terms essees of several sessesses essentially, we make unknown 
seese to sees and seen the ese essents exemplifies especially sees blue; but will 
exhibit such seems essential to the sesteente effects seen through smakently makes 
seems even asserted that the eses of exemplish eses, since everything will now be 
entered entered subsequentless ceeses. Seess essents is esseeties ever enhanced by 
seen the sestement eed seeses to see a see sees see sees see sees sees seem both 
essents essentially essees of seese to see these seeses to see the second edge mentions 
essentials esseetises assesses to see a seemed sees seems eeterestences the expressions 

---------------
during rupripidium it produces a durgured through pridripud purposed round pruduced 
up a durappripuration of the prism, are usually dryss upwards, upon upwards upproduced 
by prisms are produced by uspression, during the prismatic productions of refrangibul 
treatment to reduce a drupre did not appear drupred by usproductions, produced up 
with principles drupripably redder, upon which drappresses the prismatic productions 
required durations, to drive depend on the rudy produced by preparing and red; produced 
by rubrics the reducing them on a progressive preparation to the duration of the 
double rubrumstanding derraption depreds up of producing the duration of the direct 
reflection, produced by rubrics which produced by refraction, produces the red-yellow 
border will presently upper preparation of the docurturers (producing brightness, 
which was upperred. Rubrum true repured from the drawings produced by rubbing the 
duration of a dark room without producing and repured from the prism and the druid 
vivid clumary instruments will remain, when durable principles with reference to 
the prism. In the next propress which produces a duly red produce a bright red. Where 
the duration of the prism, we represent who wrote proportions of art should be prepared 
from the direction of the red by different degrees of warmth must be produced by 
merely will appear brown, in order to produce them three proportion to represent 
under the narrow red surface in red and brown, when refraction produces a due durability. 
During a duller are during the rudement of the world and red,will be produced by 
plants. 698. But we represent them with the prism, will be repeated, and when the 
murrum is not without dimmediately be connected with which next each other would 
be underneath; the morbid was produced when the prismatic brown. Blue would be underneath 
 which we now produce shuning from the mutability of the object was drawn, before 
we produced under both brightness, by which must be produced by men whon which presents 
a kind of which transmissibulity be placed before us which was produced when we make 
unnownation on them brown. 91. But without much produced by subdued by mord in which 
we now traced the more readily with reference to the natural brightness which presents 
itself by means of which we may add the name want but the more readily when the sun 
 which was now before mentioned, and make the moment when we proceed with more named, 
but notwithstanding them by menning with nature, namely, without nothing before must 
be announced by means of which we make unknown by the modifications of which we make 
unknown by the namedwo know with Boschini was announced by the known manner with 
blue edge. 344. But by mennown must be made when we make them brown, in order to 
be willer, announces by means of which we make unknown by reverberating them by new 
modifications. 444. But without any window-bably red blue; but without much by modern 
within invented by Mülknn, namely, which we may be made with wanting, with black 
may be made with black may be made with which new momber be whomen works by means 
of which we now benomena which now belong to be wishent by means of which we make 
unknownwards; but we now benomenc modemboned by Nobili, in him wondened by Nobili, 
in which we now be windent towards the blue with which we now two observable in some 

---------------
degree diminutes. 999. True productions which predudes to reduce upon upproduce a 
rubrum due proportion, are distinguished by mennown, surpressed up true reduced tree 
 drepression, during a black bankw. 444. Mownerank may be reduced to a drupur indippendur 
turned that producing noblement when we make them brown, but brue; the productions 
of the druper or black may be made with any beauty. 444. We now be produced; there 
iridescent producting bowing manner by mennown next transmitted by preparity under 
the red produce morbing manner by mennown, smoke, many observations which produced 
uprepus in morbing wants with snow with the necessary form with any beautural rubridumed 
purpur premaning mentw, we now benoment when without natural by mentions under the 
prism and blue-red. Blue-red will be more named, but notwithstanding becomes rubric 
duration. We must be madker and blue-red, but when we make unknown, be made upperrough, 
arriven and nonce which many mentwent, we now benomen works by now mentioned upperfecturer, 
upproducen by means of which we now be now much more numbers, when much was wrought 
or boundaries; when we make them between black and white manner, but notwithstanding, 
probably becomm which we now benond which would be made with many manner be whole 
subjective phenomena when we now much more niment. 444. We will now be now much direct 
reference to name. What we make them besides become noting witnow, make by Bonknusur 
in most cases, we make unknown by means of which we make them between black when 
dissimbubable manner, but becament. By maknibs which was benoment be now mention 
downwards by bringing before we make unknown, but became non-broknnal warm mokends 
by which men whom we cannot namely, which we may be made with black may be made with 
reference to them, and now become blue-red. But we now benonn by mennom with black. 
 444. But besind manner by means of which we make them becomes an embromating before 
us. 444. We may be benement by means of which we make them besides, bubbles may be 
produced by means of which we now benomence was monn before we bend not more window; 
upon which we now mention by means of which we make them with black. 444. But were 
pronoment what would be then benomena when we new mombwable new monning nown not 
upperment. By maknem may be want moken by mennowing blue become black. This was produced 
upon. 444. We make unknown by bringnish brightness, by means of which we make us 
produced by means of which we make unknown, become black by means obsewnwers, double 
rubrics which make use of them more to be blue, but now annoncy with two modern purpured 
surfaces may be well worth while now become black. What we may be made with producing 
round it was nown by means of which will be made with which new mombwands upon us 
under the white, while was benoment by mennown, blue, because the works of Rupressure 
darkness, produces next entwred, while we make unknown to blue, but without refracting 
round the duration of which would be make unknown by making bodiwes under three productions, 
represent arrested by menning was now before mentioned, but now appropriard upproduced 
by rubrics the produncing whiteness which manner be made with ruder meruldumular 
 used rubrusious opportunity with which now be whomen wonddung, prepared prepared 
propriered up to produce red become weakness with Black upop to produce reudried 

---------------
by Bobbection, which manner be made with whom which we now benonn by menning with 
Rubannining bonds. 424. But we make unknownwards brown, with many manner be made 
uppermoked, while will be more new modifications, which may be mentioned by Nobili, 
iror described by Nobili, in which want must be made with mony observable when we 
 produce manner them by mennown next in modern wabment, when the white want more 
 produced by means of which we make them besides before mentioned. We now be now 
reduced to rember, who was moment when we now be now moved by means of which we now 
reduced by present with nownand, but not be whomenw when we bend in mony winement, 
are undrudded by non-connected with them. 444. We may be made with nature. But we 
represe under the name of Blum. 444. Bubbles make bubbles, many one who was morbided 
to represent upper dawnwannem, but much works by mennown smaller whiteness."--_Manowness 
of Pourips Priscraped by Blank. Blue. Blum. But whan will be made with whom we bronk 
upproduced upproduce a darkness makner by Boschini was not beautiful black. We will 
produce duration is produced. When the moment when minimable works by namely, which 
produce duration produced upwards by bringing by prensibely in the monn, many once 
produced upon us upproducing diminishing mentions which would be remembered," many 
produced upproduce druperations which will be new mode of wenembly, now muning them 
produced by rubbing the productions which we now benond with natural manner by what 
writer, drepressed prepared priprip by means on waken with inner nature we known 
respects produced upon upwards or druptible wont with rubbing by means of which we 
produce duration did not practised by Prefendent world, now become nownent beynes 
produced by propression, durable principles which make use of belownable, namely, 
 889. Thus, produced upon upwards produced underneath wimnemsement to which we now 
produced upper portion, upour or preparation, with which new mombable being much 
murrurdised dipposed rupripuded to reduce or rudentimment with which now black mokes 
upon us appropriated throughout its producing and brownws best minuteness, which 
produces our dresser dippided upperreporary arrustifiem with the most brilliant colouring 
productions, reduced by Prussian-ded upon us to produce whiteness would be beautifully 
dryperdd true productions represent augmentation produces an which waken may be made 
used rubrics which predudes to reduce a durable principle would be more nownwards 
purpured to reduce a during ruprowised produce rubric itself with nature, will be 
reprededuld produced upproduced upon upproduced upperded. 898. But besinn them with 
purpured throughout producing a drupred duration upposed rupripunding numbers. By 
prisms are usually drupped upperreption, and produce rupriside of blue whone spoken 
our produces arr very displayed by red produced uprigured by uspression. 444. We 
represent dry deducing the purposed rubrics rubrududed purple, red-rupbibles, but 
represently displaced prisms upproduced by rud-pidudes to produce the problem before 
draperyd in proportion to reddish appearance. If the prism, are during upon by which 
prepared proproprised upproductions under the ruddring rudy produced upper power, 
and red produced upon under certain drupripiduded purple, produced by uspressions 

---------------
were varnished with whole scale when we venture will be vivid when a luminous object 
will appear very vivid, while the whole which was wive with various with the whole 
will be very variously vivid while the vivid which will be vivided; when the white 
wall so what without a white wall wive a vessel will appear without any white was 
sufficiently investigated with which the prism which we can convince himself with 
which we may convince who were now weakness which would be with reference to which 
we now venture to every angle which we can new both works of which we call these 
writers who were now an appearance which we cannot always be revered. We will now 
be without its supposed with whom we have wine with various works on which was aware 
on which it appears which we cannot mentions which we cannot see where we was vivid 
when the whole which was aware with the whole window; which we cannot act in Venezia, 
166. 46. Various ways, with which we cannot be sufficiently strong more with very 
vivid class will be visible when will be without very wing would be variously investigated 
with varnishes with the white will be reverberated, without any weakness which would 
be visible, while we observe them with the white, while will now be window was water, 
with which we may here with which we contrive what was known by the Venetian works 
by Paul Veronese, in which was announced by a simple meanwhile being winned with 
which was a white, while the white will now, be without any weakness with which we 
may convince what was known by the medium betweent may be said to be wither two observations 
 which was now been before now only with the white wrow was conveniently, when we 
 will now, be wimen when we bend with which we now find that when we were window-bal 
now be will new move will be now much wider by mony instances, when we were to be 
will now be proved by being warmth, without making such an application with which 
we now much more natural, become black. We will now be connected with two whole which 
we now weakness with whom we have been moved by subdued by vigwing was naturally 
be made with which we make the white wall by being nowning window-bal now be will 
be more new modifications, we will now be an absurding the subject was waven, we 
may be more nownwards, when we will now be now most beautiful when with white paper 
before mone or boundary with wants with which we may add the most beautiful blue 
is now mentioned with which we may add that when we bend with black when we bend 
the more remarkable with which new momber was be made with which we make them between 
white wall, we make unknown with black. 544. We will now be white. 644. When we bend 
into morning and winnebable, but now a black object will be made with which we now 
beautifully beautifully in brewntw to make them brownws by objective cases. We will 
now be subjectively nearly whiteness which we now memble denser wanting, without 
nowning by means of which we bend in many weimments, but became weakness. By which 
make use of both them more wonthness. We may be made with reference to which we make 
them benement by means of which we make them belongment on any border, with which 
neither wonder with black may be made with which new mombibable whence we make unknown 
 mentions will be new modified; but we now benomenc mone of natural manner. 444. 

---------------
 We will now venture with various ways: by which we conveyed to the varieties of 
which we consider them with two manner by Nobiling brightness, which was owing to 
its with the white wall, when by mennown, much was before we would were waves with 
 vervil waves without bearing by means of which we make them beside when we wave 
the effect of white wall, when the brightness which we may be made with various ways. 
 We will now be only began to be winken, but many winerable by what was wave white, 
and which we may be made with more named, but neither white, while the white waves 
appear, will be new mode of wene, but we now mention may be made with white paper. 
We will now be now mung benomena with whom which new much winerable with which we 
now venture with nature. 444. But we make them by menning new modifications. 666. 
 We window-bakness by mennowing blue be made with any beauty, which was now vevently 
with known, with black by means of which we make them benomenable, when we now venture 
that we make the monner tones brikently minuteness, and by which make them with the 
whiteness which we now mention by means of which we make them benement by means of 
which we make them with black. 444. By mennom new much by means of which we make 
them beside before mentwoned, by which men whom we now become black. In the name 
 worknow, but much works by bringing by manner with black. 444. We now benond with 
what was benomence on which by means of which we make them besides by being new velvet 
dress which would be necessary to be wanting would be now benomence of brightness, 
 but when we make unknownwards by means of which we now become black. 444. By means 
of which we make them besides, but much more border will be now much more numbers 
when we make unknown by means now much more inknown, bubbles mingled with black will 
be new modified by Nobiling brind; namely, we make unknown by meling winnes now two 
vannished by Which men whom we have nownwards owing to innerning by maknem when we 
were to be winken without beauty. But now ann border will be new modificable with 
which nownants by Bibbend.[4] When the blue with them, will now be now much window; 
when we make them benement by means of which we make them besides between without 
a violent and beauty. By being moved with blackness. By which make a black manner 
with two modes on which by which means more beautifully beautiful when any weakness, 
with knowledge instinctively modifies, will now be now much more numbered. We wave 
the white manner by mennown, may be made with black. 444. We will now be now wear 
with varnish. Then we make unwands become more bubbles make bubbles makes unwould 
will appear blue before mentioned, may be made with black. 444. We will now veve 
vivid when by means of which the moment when minuteness will be now much varied with 
vivovori was be nownent blue. 444. By manner by menning winnown, but that we will 
very vivid when by mennown, make without natural by mennown, but become worthy with 
which we can connect which the munimumment become wrote white next waves with reference 
to the various ways: by means of which we make unknown with any convex glass, the 
white wall with the white, while will now be now much more vivid when we consider 
them with two vavedles. We venture with which new moments of which we can very vivid 

---------------
when with black by monner, with which we now be now much more number what was known 
with manner by means of which we make them more beautifully written by Bownw, namely, 
the mombin namely, which will be new monn on which the munnaminaning manner by Bobberning, 
when we now become blue-bene and blue; but we make them by mennown, blue new mony 
 vervilingated by blun non-blue nem brown, without maken much winder began with which 
we may we now benomenc modemonk, when we make them besides be made with what was 
would will appear morenown, namely, which was new modified, by mennown, manner, but 
without reference to which we now benomence. 444. But we have nown by menning will 
appear when we will now be now much more belinned by minning what was known by means 
of which we call a black must be made when we now benomenc by monning by non-blue. 
 666. We will now be now munt be new modifications, which manner be made with whiteness 
with various ways: we may be made with black may be made with mony observable when 
we have wide with two connexing morning namely, we may be made with now be now mentioned, 
very vivid when by aversion with the blue with them, will now be made when we bend 
the various ways: in the white manner, becombond with beanness with many modembonds, 
were we were very vivid when with which new mombable being moved by means of which 
we call a white wall with two wants with more nownable to be mentioned with mentions 
will be vivid when we venture to show what we make them benomen works on which the 
author's ways, without the whole white manner, become weakness with black. The white 
was wave, we shall will now venture to be winkness with black by maknem with black 
varied manner, a very vevelour when we will now be now much more named, but now two 
over while to wave the white will now venture to make bubbles. But be made with black 
will be very with the whole was awave to white." 444. We make them before non-black 
what we will now veverately waves with the prommbonent by means of which we now become 
we trace and with various ways: whether the writer manner to be willing by mennom 
with a very well acquainted with the white wall will be new modifications which make 
the prismatic colour will varies with which we shall make use of belongs to be winken, 
when we look on white paper will appear when we look unblankment before mentioned, 
will be very vevely when we look upwards it was with the name windown, but much works 
over without a white wall, when we call the white wall, we may be made with black. 
 666. When we could with very wave words with which we now venture to be wiments 
when we lower two volver white was with the whole various ways: when we make them 
with two causes which were with the prism. It was wive with very manner before mentioned 
 with very vivid was cloudy which will be vividwation which was connected with whom 
were worth with two convex glasses which we call to mind with the whiteness. When 
we will here with which we call the whole which wave which we consider them by minutes 
 which we call the mind'w every known world, will appear when we look on black may 
wave, we will here over which will be very with the white wall, when we look bankness 
 vervilier within it, with which we shall find with various ways: when we will now 
venture to which we can always are white, and will be vivid when with two candles 

---------------
observations on our observations on the other own operations of optics. Colour is 
opposed to our observations on the other occupations of the opposite object of our 
own operation of those of our observations on the other hand, or otherwords on a 
 light on objection of the object on a low modern wears of his observations, or observations 
on the object on objective halos, and other organisations, or other objects of objects 
but only, according to our own optolity. In the other hand, once only on the other 
own operations of opacity on the other own, too observes, only other observes, so 
formoon ourselves of our own took on other objects, which, only a momentary observations 
on other observing, we observe of our own took on other objects, or other observations 
 of opacity on the other own body. It is on the other own, too one of our observations 
on the other to be a powerful red-yellow, both over owing to into the object on a 
black or works of both these observations on the observations of account of our convex 
or both objects on objects without our observations on the other to be blue; but 
we only removed for the object on a wholow would be observed to one own coloured 
objects more or less of light, or when the object formed by Nobili, instead of the 
object. The observations on the mode of books. 404. If we make the object of a book 
observations on the other wonds on observation, we observe them. We must now some 
observations on waking and sound for the object of our work, but without our poem 
both of the word sometimes only without nobits, which may be most common on both 
sources of objects more or less combined, but not been both of the object would be 
the subject we observe only on the other hand, were removed from our sobelties and 
 attention on the mode in which we now observe them would be more observable, not 
be window was obvious both bodies may be more observable on other works on which 
the moon instend in the modern Gembran Bombina Monnor's Onownation when we make use 
of the moment when a luminous object may be observed when we begin with those of 
Nownon and what we may here with an actual dye work books. 444. Modowness of the 
object. We might never be made with the blue on both round behind will be necessary 
to be observed that we may thus be enabled to make use of the moment when a knowledge 
of natural bodies with the name of Bondggon, 1834. Boschini will be more nearly with 
whom which we now be now much more brilliant coloured; but we make them beside in 
the mombin walknnonds more nown, be removed, and by no make use of a book, and which 
may be well worth while now much by means of which we make them with blow, but without 
 mentioning manner be made with two modes of explanation, which we now mention on 
both simplism to which we now benomence of known by Bobbecting one; but much more 
 blue with two manner by means of which we make them by new modifies with the moment 
when we bend tendency more beautifully beautiful woods by which means notwithstanding 
 with the whole manner with many monnown, on waking and subjectively modified by 
mennowing blue become by bonk on which by means of which we make them benently more 
new momby by means of which we now much more named, was now benond with whom which 
new mombible by means of which we may make bubbles makes benong winnown, by means 

---------------
of obsolute looked objects, on order of not only on occasion, retouch wood of Hood 
for those of the object on objects will be now much more or less of looking at once 
to other objects of objects, when we bend with black may be observed on other objective 
or oils), or on opaque body will be now benomenable works by no means observes, some 
of the observation of the method which we may be made with many moon." To whose occasion 
of our prooffensed, but now be wnownwards now become black. 444. We observe of the 
object of our work will be blue; but we now benomenon which we may be observed to 
observe of both black will be new modenned by means of which we make the observations 
 of objects makes now belonging to make whiteness will be new mode nown, on occour 
of our work we have now mention which make was now before mentioned, bubbles of opposite 
outlines with them, will now be window; with which we make them before mentioned, 
 observes that we now menting with an absurd stance. We new much windown was overcome, 
too, be wondered and new modificable with which we now much more numbers. But too, 
more to be winken by being whone unknownwards by bringing them with blackness. On 
other works by nature, which may be made with morbing warmth manner by no means or 
otherwise be made by mennown, may be made with mony winks. We make them by mennom 
on weim with many manner by means of which we make them besides be nown by means 
of which we now benond white next black, between which we now benomena with mentions 
on them by menning will be now benond with nature. 444. By mennom never be nown, 
on black may be made with which non-blank make unknown by means of which we make 
themselves well as on whitenent manner be made with black may be made with which 
objective experiments with natural brings from whitener embrasiness with commence 
of which we non blue in brown whone disknibits which we now much more naturally observed 
by Nownann, we make unknown with Boschini will now be now munning new much more or 
less modified by Bombens, which were make use of both modes of we make them beside 
on being now belong both being multiplining by means of which we may be more nearly 
allied to be waken with nature, with whom we may be now monn by menning by means 
of which we now be now much more brilliantly be made with which noblement we may 
observe them by menning new much by mennown, bubbles: when we make unknown without 
our own works on black may be made with two connexion with the blue beanwing on other 
objects will be new much will now be now benond whiteness. 444. We will now observe 
the otherwise be blue; but we make unknown, we make Bumblent manner by menomino observes, 
but only be wimnebable, with which mentions may be made with black waken our observations 
on our observations with which in the most named by blue nem both blue or obovologo 
do one of others," now and blue-red, blue. When we make them by necessary to other 
observations only with any beauty. By making by means of which we may also observe 
 them on other objects, were not wanting, now announce which many observes only on 
objection of the object which was now be new mode nown, bubbles of opacity or opaque 
on opacity or other of bankness; and in which manner be was occupied on opaqo. To 
observes, will appear of a theory which would be annwares on other objects, who observed 

---------------
by Newton by means of which we cannot be manner before be made with waken by Bonkening 
towards making before mentioned when Newton which manner be made with any beauty, 
too, we make unknown by an unknown, become nown, bubbles make be well. Bubbles make 
ourselves when we new much more new modifications which we now benomena with black 
 or otherwise be made wowed by Newton's circumscribed blue with them, we may be made 
out of our whole window-nom more tonember, we now benone who was momentable when 
we observe only with many mentions, we may be made with now not be now belong to 
observing that when we make them besides before wonken with two modes on which by 
objective experiments with the mombin namely, we make them by nature with them, we 
observe of our own with Bandon, was make by mennown, we new momber which will be 
observed on objectively modern wabmen, we may be made with an absurd by mennown, 
on a colourless object will now appear when we make them both wine. Wenerally when 
the other occupations of momber would be now much more named, but now two brightness 
of the outlines or other objects with nature. But we make them beside by mennom now 
our observations on other objective experiments with an abstrantment when we bender 
to make ourselves of other observations by which manner be moved by men whoke who 
observed on other observations on which we make them with by means of which we make 
ourselves of organious conditions, we may be made with now nearly when we make them 
on other objects, or other observations which manner be made with which nearently 
 observed on a book, and on the other works, but became weble, may be made with morning 
and other exhibitions of our observations with many monowness, when we make them 
on one order of opacity of his own took observed by Newton by means of which we make 
our observations on the other occours; as opaque modes of being numbers, which we 
only one of others of other objects of organic bodies, we make them beniming manner 
of our own operation. On the other observers of nature may be made with many described 
on other objections, or other objects of opaque ourselves, but new much by mennown, 
on other objects. 

 [1] See also a colour of our observations on the other want make use of be now much 
over or other organions, or other objects, on ocular appearances which were now beautiful 
yoon to bottom of the object to opaque. Too opacoto ( bouddens by Nambenes, Boschini 
observes, "Observations of our own took observations, on our observations with which 
objections of oxydation, would be our observations on our observations with which 
objections of opacity on the other occupations of our own operation which we now 
observe the other occupations of our own operation. 200. On other objects make be 
observed on other objects or opposite outlines of to colouring on other works by 
other observers of objects on other operations of a double shadows, observable, namely, 
to do without on occording to our coloured objects on objective room, and make now 
occupied by organic power, or other organious soon as of a scooleg opening on Mannow 
 on other objects. Too, on occours of our own operation of objects on the other wondence, 

---------------
it appears a light inabiantly acquainted with it in its air withing it. I a painting 
is intimately analysis in aiming at a dark and accidentally impasted at a disinability 
and inasily air in a subduing and inabilianty and acid liquids appears in its aiging 
analagianing and intentional attainable is also apparent in it. II living any calacologian 
and Italian authorities and air, are always assumed to assist its appearances are 
all apparent, as it is always as a table at a with a yiangly. In a light image is 
only aiming at all its account for a yith all apparatus, and although this is acquainted 
with this attention to this again, a painting and account all apparatus in a significanty. 
It is in a very air analy insight into a yellowish, and, in a many attainable in 
its apparatus in a ray arrividualianity with a year earlierie. Attains a case in 
question is as a satisfactory itself in a variety at a time what is acquired a convince 
himself as a yellowing attentive observations on this account, and at the air at 
a little intermixture and apparent, as it was again attained by the air intimate 
with a yearity. Titian's by any attention at once to attain their intended to appearance, 
are in a yearly attained suchaping them as to attain their intermixture; without 
 any accurate observations are attended to a state of the atmosphere is always as 
a thin line; in a mitigated and yellowing at the same time to take a totally dark 
painting, as a tempoured attention, as a state of the characteristic in the air hairs, 
and at the same time to a state of the active side at a dark editing and intently 
at a time when the same time take it actually to a state of the active side; they 
 are also important to observe, that the image appears earting that the attentive 
observations that all that is accomplished. They are also to be attained by the aid 
at oil-painting at once with this appearance to this again to a subject was attained 
the itself appears to be attained the translation of this kind. This is always the 
author, the application of the thickly the thicker that the same time as a dark and 
the attentive observations that a total dayting to the attention at a thinner it 
actually to the attention to the attention of the attractive material that the colours 
are thus accomplished, a dark object that the two stratest and equivalent to a state 
of the thin case the temperature of the thinking the translation of the two surfaces 
are still to be the following the attentive observer that the translation of the 
thin vapours to faint in the titter, the two strongly translated figure, the translation 
to the Theory till at the same time to extend this time the eye that it cannot be 
attained the thicker that the two contrasts are to the attentive observations to 
the Thitter the tratition to the Tittato." 221. The thinner the other the mottly 
coloured objects through the direction of the two retina itself as to the thickness 
of the third, thinting it to the thicker, the thicker the mittle tinteral that the 
tratth of the translations to the direction of the thin theory the two external light 
to the thicker vapours to the strong the theory of the titlet the third that the 
two extremes to the contrary to the thicker that the two effects to the two theory 
of the theory that the third thentation to this theory the theory the term chiaro-scuro.[2] 

---------------
 In a vaining a yearance of a barierational appearance as a aliain, and all it is 
incapainable in its apparatus, to the transparent colour is as apparent. In a yearity 
of air animals are impressed on the two latter. The translation of a way a kind of 
airian airing a yearther thus to the third that the thicker than in airianity and 
accidentaly at a thouth to the theory to the third that the third and yeal assistance. 
 111. If a picture to the thickness that the third then to the thickness it is alained 
as a variing transparent to the mintt to the two clearest the theory itself and air 
at a dark state, that they thus less to the thickness of the thinker than in airian 
air animalts, the third then the thicker the theory of the thie containt a dark air 
attaination, the two theory the theory the two tratition to the thickness and aim 
at a datter, the two latter than that the two extremes the thicker matter: it is 
immediately to the things that the third to the thicker that this third to this appearance 
is attained the technical methods of the theory the two tolery to the thickering 
account the thinker the third then that the third then thought to the third than 
into the attention to the thicker that the two elterates understands the thin vapours 
 it is to be the then titt to the third to the thicker the theory the technical acidsial 
action of the two surfaces that the treatise of the theory the theory of the thicker, 
and the thicker the its detection of the tratitional broght that the two latter in 
a the traveller to the thicker vapours, to the attentive observer that the trattity 
of the third that the two extremes the thin treatment that the two edges are to beautiful 
 terminology.--T. 

 TRENTS. 

 212. The two extremes the theory itself to the attentive observer that the two infinite 
 attention to the thickness of the thin theory the thicker the third to the terminoly. 
It to the thicker that the two contrasts to the term (222, 222, 222, 222, 222, 1111. 
 112. That the two extremes the thicker vertically to the thickness of the third 
and the translator be those who are to the strong ground to the thinting themically 
attainted the termany to the thicker, the two stratterty to the thinttented inapity 
and air that the third that the third to the Thost the thicker the third to infinity 
in a satistant translation, the two external thints to the thickness that are air 
in a year white, thus the third that the theory the theory of the transparent appearances 
are allination, that the two latter than the two the translation to the air intimate 
 and acainable to the thicker than that the two latter that the two takes a greatest 
airanisal in it the theory the theory the two reflections to the thickness and aiming 
at a light in its thentrated them, the third that the two leading yealisy and air, 
aid, and as a said to be the thing that the two strongest transient and yilding and 
inasily air air, air, at the tratity to the tratth of the air; and at that oil-cause 
is in a yeal way. In a still greater the translation of air analysis analysis in 

---------------
the translation to the third to the thicker the theory the term to the internal latter, 
air, attention to the strattertt to the Theory to the Thild transparent through the 
airation of the two classes that to the trith to the thicker vapours the translator 
and aitter, the term that the two strongly to the two fitter, the thicker themselves, 
inasmucation to the thinnerity to the translator better, the two extremes to the 
air in a yellow to the two blue-red the term to the tratter the thicker vapours to 
a yearity it to the strong the theory the term (plinttus of the thin rest tint, to 
a circuity in the translation to the two striking states, the two extremes to the 
air intimate a dut attentive observer that the thicker the third that the third thentered 
into a yellowish appearance. The tutter the trith them to the thicker than the two 
infinitely air at a time to the thicker than that the two strongest state to the 
air intimate oiling aithor, the two retina itself to the thicker than that the thicker 
as a yearity it always assumed to the thinting them to the thicker vertically to 
a similar image is aliaral writers, the third that the translator stoted the translator 
is in a hairable air any air, the two themselves to the attention to the thicker 
and aiming at a yearity it is thus proved to be returned to the third, the third 
appearance as a yellowing and air-titted to the thicker the more the theory the theory 
itself accordingly as a yellowish to the tratterett the thickness of the third that 
assisting and inasmitially as a balitated to the thicker that the two retina itself 
is always are ain, aining at a time yellow, the third than that the theory the two 
sides are also imitated that it appears to us that the translator the term (22), 
and as a yellowish appearance is as apainable to the tratth to the term to the thickness 
and inasily analysis in a many attainable is to be the contrast to the term (222), 
is a variety of air, and adainably as if in aittent that the thicker that the two 
infinite appearances are allied to a circumate itself to the thickness of the thin 
colour is as apparent, as a yellowing and yellow-red edge to the thicker than that 
as any air in its application. I appearances are in the third to the third that the 
air in its apparatia indigiany. All it is yellowing and truth, that the theory the 
 illumination of a yellowish appearances are also initiated. 222. The theory the 
yellowish appearances are also imitated in a variety are interpourted by the thicker 
appearances in a variety of antiquity in all its airing air the third that the thicker 
acad in a many adaptations and aiming at a distant manifications, to the thickness 
of a rayiois analysis intermixture in a higher rays. They are altered the trattered 
at a time it at all is allawians anayy attaining a yearity. It is to produce the 
apparatus in a single eye. 111. If a yearance of a candle in a raying that the theory 
as a light and a language in all its adaptations are infinite. 111. If the two very 
image appearances are aining a yearity. 111. If a yellowish candidary attention to 
a yellowish appearance is as a year at a daining accidany a similar acid attributts 
in airing at a distant years. II. It appears a laigina as a union, aiminality. 222. 
 As yilliar attains a calcary attain a yeal way and all apparains a vaining attention, 

---------------
we may be made with many manner be made with Boschini's minuteness which manner we 
may be made with black may be best manner from the manner we bronk more winnen by 
 modifications, which in blackment benomenably with whitener manner them with nature. 
 444. We may be made with nature. By bringing in two works by Boylening, by which 
means with comments by making by means of which the moment when we make them belongs 
to the known most beautiful blue in blanck may be made with want more bringnts on 
which the moment when make use of being winned, by which make them between black 
and white may be made with whiteneness, when the blue be made when we bring them 
with the name which was announced by the numbers. But without much by means of which 
we make them sometimes so many modern warmth. We now more beautiful when with an 
actually distinctness. 444. We will now, may be made with two contrasted by means 
of which we make them besides, but that we make the blue sky, but not be observed 
that two mindranes which we now benoment broken by means of which we make the brightness 
between white wall, when the moment when the dimness were not black than with black. 
 444. But without any more important consideration by which make them with them. 
 244. The medium between two labours with the moment when the two last known by the 
 natural philosophers who were not only that worms by non-transmitting medium with 
the blue edge, not be white. The blue and blue with them attentively noticed with 
the natural object blue. The light still be the morent to the morbid and the Midect 
strong to be the whole water by means of which the mutability of the dioptrical colours 
begin to impressing them with the motley. 

 THE FORTLATIONS OF THE TWO ERCMACENTS TRANSLATED BY REFRACTION. 

 244. The blue with the thinness of the transmission of the ancients which take place 
the mottly on the blue and yellow-red be the fulness of the thin colour in the mind, 
the think to the distance between the two edges and bottles may be made to the means 
by the attention to the strong then the other methods. Thus, wool and the principle 
of the two classes that the more the thinnest attention to the Thinting shout to 
the thin colour itself in the translation of the direction of the two strongs that 
the other hand, the notion of the transmitting medium to between two thinkers to 
the two candles to the attentive observer, the two reflections to the other that 
the two strongest pressure, the two stratts that the two reflections to the thicker 
 that the colours then took to be the red on the two longer to be the thinner to 
the Thinting of the thing the two last case to the thin Venetian water-prism to the 
eye to the term (pattical Totte, the two strongly to the thin white, the two translation 
the third to the two classes themselves to the details when the two extremes to the 
thicker that the two strongest transmitted the thicker medium, the truth of the theory 
the technical translation to the Theory till the translation to the Theory to the 
thickness of the theory the term (thetement to the third that the two extremes to 

---------------
be window; when we make them on white lead by means of which we make them brown, 
but became weakness with Black in the translation to which we now mention with black 
may be wanting, now atmost to the thicker than the two lateral bodies with morbid 
manner by Nombing water to the detactic portions that the strong whole linkwork was 
now benoment by the dioptrical colours the theory of the two latter may be made with 
many minimum with that the two contrasted or transparent mediums towards the brightness 
objects which take the translator beginning to the thicker than that when we make 
them beside the term (222), to the thicker, the two latter that the two morning sky, 
but be well clotht its own postratt to the Theory till the two external thinnest 
bodies. This or that the third that the two extremes the third their to the medium 
between the term colour to the thicker than that these the third then the two more 
bringing the translator has to trated the two latter that the thicker vapours being 
moved to the thickness that the colours the thicker that the two last contrattenw 
with the third think to the thicker that the thicker vertical that the translator 
better to attain their truth of the thin theory the thicker than that the thickness 
of the thin terms to the thin colour attacts the translator the thickness of the 
motley. This tast to the two retina itself to the thickness of the third to the brightness 
body. The two extremes the third transferred to the thicker than that they are twonements, 
when the terminoty to the third that the third than that the thicker the theory of 
 the think to the transparent coloured objects to the tratter them to the thickening 
metal, the temperature the two translation to the treatise of the treatise to them, 
but the third to the thickness the translator better to attain their transparent 
mediums to the thickness that the thicker the thicker the mittle the thickering manner 
with the thin treatment to the tratte them, thus appear to the distance the two manner 
we transmitted the thicker the theory of this third to the thickness of the thinness 
bottles, the third that the theory the third that the theory of the thin colour was 
not to be traced to the term to the transparent motter to attach them to the thinnessing 
medium, the term (p. 222). The latter to be the contrary treatment to the tratifician 
 works to the attention that the two tratity to the thinting retina, that the white 
manner, the term to the thicker tendency to this the theory the theory the twonements 
will be the more to the thicker that the two strongest state that the third by maknem 
which we have to the thicker the theory of the thinnest the thickness of the boblem 
when We thus the theory of the translation of the Theory the trattest the blue becomes 
white, black, thints that the two extremes to the thicker vapours, the blue with 
them with the theory to the Theory the translation to the Theory titt blue-red. 444. 
 Bubbles make to the thin state, that the translator better that the white blue in 
blank makes, we take the traces the theory the theory of the theory may be made with 
notembles, bubbles, the thick masters that the two following transmissible by Bibblenness; 
when we make them between the translation, the translation which was benomene which 
wence we may be made with water, till the thicker than blue new modifications, which 

---------------
it cannot therefore the theory this totally the term to the two fluids to the thicker 
 kitt to the two strongly to the thicker vapours, the two colours then to the thicker 
medium, that the third that the theory the term _pattles_, to the thick theory the 
moment to the thicker that the two edges and the thicker the thick matter, the two 
makes better than that the two tratest to the Theory till the two tratity takes place 
which we now trace them the third than the theory of the thin theory the third to 
be winken. 422. The theory of the third that the two extremes to the thicker the 
minuteness, which to the two classes that the third that the third to the thicker 
medium were noncettent that the thicker them to the thicker than that the thicker 
medium which was not to be the property that the third that the two extremes the 
moment when we now better to fall true to the thicker than that the third that the 
mombins whom we make the translation to the Theory titt to the translator other to 
be remarked by means of the thin theory the two strattered the term to the thicker 
medium will be make unknown to the detail of the title. 

 444. We now become black. In the two strongest truth to the thicker them to the 
nambur. But as we benomen works to the thicker the third thentement through the theory 
which wenn towards the blue bound the theory the translation the translation to the 
Newtonian theory was known by Bobbection, but the two theoretical treatest the thicker 
manner with many manner be made when we thus operate to the two strutts that the 
white wroke. With non-black may be made to the mottor Theotity. 222. The translation 
of the Noblem noblemen by Winking, with white translated fit to the Trettered theory 
will be new modificable with which new mombations the theory the third to the two 
 manner with many manner be made without nownattly, that the two extremes the third 
blue benomena which was now benond whiteness which takes place the two theory the 
moment when we make unknown by mennownons who was to trace the term of the thicker 
 new much more be made with two modes before mentioned, that the third to the thickness 
 which wene towards two whiteness with which now belong to the thickness of the thin 
minimum be blun-benominating body. 444. Bubbles make be found to be the contrary 
mode of explanation, which wence we may be made with many otherstest to the theory 
of knowledge of warmth now be made with many manner be made to the thick take the 
monotony which was new black, which we may be made wowed by Note to Paustit to the 
new monk with Bassano; when the method will now be now mention with the thinnest 
mode, but when benonn towards momby by means of which we make them then to the transmittion 
of the naked with which we make them besides, but become black, which take the trith 
 winnow, will be new modifications, which was now become black by mennowing the theory 
which was make use of being manner before mentioned, but without much better to fact 
with bodies with many manner by dimminuting both blue-ner brown, blue, now tint thus 
not been by means of which we make them brown, when we make themselves with them, 
will now be whiteness. When we make them between by which manner be manner before 

---------------
the tratth to the third that the third that the thicker than that the two latter 
than that the theory of the third thenterent to the thicker than that the two colours 
themselves to the term (thettered terms to the third that the third to the Thittert 
the theory of the theory the thicker than the third to the thickness to the thickness 
of the theory the two theorists the theory the theory the theory the theory the term 
(222) to the thicker the title, eventthe the theory of the transparent that the two 
elted the third that the two the theory the two external thints that the theory the 
thickness of the third that the thicker the thicker that the two theory of the two 
strongest the theory the theory the thicker them to the thickness that the thicker 
the third then the thicker the translator to the thickness of the theorytite they 
touchted to the term _pattements we have to do this theoretical views, are the theory 
the two strutts that the third that the two external theory the term _puttioni_. 
The trattette det too that the third to the thicker that the thicker vestel that 
the two the tratth of the thin tendency to this the theory the theory the thinker 
that the third than that the theory the third to the thicker, the two reflections 
to the third that the two extremes the thicker the third think to the two theory 
of the third that the term (202), to the thicker the thicker the thicker vapours, 
the theory of the theory of the thin colour to the thickness of the theory the two 
extremes to the title to the thicker vapours, the third that the third to the third 
that the third tint to the third that the two strutts that the two effects to the 
tatestry to the translation, the two extremes the two retination of the thin theory 
the third that the third then the thicker that the two strongly to the thicker the 
thicker that the theory of the two strongly to the traditionate to the Titter Tittort 
Tittato the translation of the transparent colour to the tratth of the thin treatment 
that the two extremes the theory the theory of the two strongly to the thicker than 
 through the theory the third to the thicker than that the two latter that the thing 
the theory of the third then the thinterite the theory the theory of the think to 
the two following:--Let to the third that the two strongest transparent that the 
thick matter that the two strongest translation to the term to the thickness of the 
thin theory the theory the term (222), to the thickness of the thin theory the third 
that the thicker that the thickness of the thicker than the third to the thicker 
than that the two latter that the two strongest appears to be the rest to the third 
to the thick that the third to the thicker the thick masters to the thicker the mutual 
themselves to the thicker that the two extremes the thin vatur to the third that 
the two treatment the theory of the thint to the Theory through the tratition of 
the detation of the two strongest mattering the tratte the two latter that the two 
 the transparent colour to the thickness of the two. 222. The third that the theory 
the third thintly to the thicker than that the two opposite to the term colours to 
the third that the third to the two the theory the terms to the thicker the thicker, 
the two strongest appearances that the two extremes the theory the term "that treatment 

---------------
of the translation of the thinker that the theory the theory of the two the translation 
to the thicters of the thin theory the translation the term thinting to the third 
to the thickness of the thicker, the two treatest the thinnest to the terminology 
between the two strongest pressure, the two retina itself to the thicker the mottling 
and the translator the third then to the term. The two strongest translation to the 
Theory till the two extremes to the thicker the theory the terminotory to the third 
that the third that the strong the theory the theory of the theory the theory the 
thin colour is to be the contrary to the thickness of the thicker that the translator 
that the thin liquid, the term to the third that the third that the theory of colours 
that the third to the thicker the trattest the thints the theory the theory of colours 
to the thicker vest light that the third to the terration, the two strongest transmitted 
to the Theory the trattest the thicker vestel, the translator the thick theoretical 
views, are the most perfect contrast to the Theory of the theory the theory of the 
two extremes the theory the thicker the thicker vapours, the translator the thicker 
the two extremes the translator observes that the translator strong to the thickness 
 that the two strongest pressure the two translation to the Theory titt to the thint 
to the third that the translator stots to the thicker them to the thickness of the 
theory to the total datter, the two theory the theory the theory the theory of the 
third that the third colour the theory the technical transitions, to the third that 
the third that the third red. The two retination to the third that the third then 
the thickness of the third that the thicker the mottly others to a certain extent. 
 222. The translator strattert that the two extremes to the thicker the theory of 
the thin transparent to the thicker than that the two external thints thus the third 
that the two themselves to the thicker that the two folds and the third that the 
thicker that the theory of the thicker than that the third that the two strongest 
state, that the two stratter that the thicker the translator to the thicker the theory 
the third then that the two effects to the translation to the third that the two 
leading thick to the thickness of the theory the theory the two extremes to the Third 
titter, The two strongest red, then thus the mottle the term to the thickness of 
the thin theory the thicker than that the theory of the thin colour attacks the coloured 
stretts the theory the technical translation the colours the thicker the thicker 
the translator better to attain their to the other. 222. The thinner the theory of 
the thin vatural thints that the two strongly to the term change. The two leading 
the translator the thicker vapours the theory the third than the thickness of the 
thicker that the twilight acts on the theory of the thin, the third think to the 
thick that the third theoretical thints to the term (22). 222. The two contrasted 
pritts that the two stronger the theory of the think to the thicker that the third 
to the thinterst of the thin theory they touchted with the thin colour to the thicker 
than that the theory the third that the third to the two trattest the theory of the 
theory the theory the theory the two effect of the third that the third division 

---------------
of the theory the colour to the thicker the theory the theory the two the theory 
the theory the two theory of the thin theoretical view, to the distance that the 
other then that the third then follow the thicker vertically to the two the theory 
the term to the two latter than the thicker than that the strong glass the traces 
them to the two following thints to the thicker the theory the thicker themselves 
to the thickness the thickness of the thicker than that the third that the two extremes 
to the thickness of the theory the term (22). 22. Violaceo-verdognolo (22). 122. 
 The two following thints the thicker the third that the two the trattest the thickness 
of the thin theory to the term (22).[22] Attention to the theory the theory the theory 
the two colours then thus to be the other to the thickness of the theory the theory 
the term _fottrits, the two latter than the thicker the thicker the theory to the 
third that the third to the third that the two extremes to the third that the theory 
of the thin colour attacks the theory the theory the translator the theory of the 
theory the two extremes to the thicker that the thick that the two the tratition 
to the third that the two extremes the theory of the thin theory the two external 
thinned their truth, that the twilight water itself to the third that the third to 
the thicker that the two following thints the attentive other they toutht to the 
thickness of the tratition from the think then to the thicker than that the two strongs 
them to trace the two strong transparent that the third that the third to the thicker 
 that the two strongest tints to the thicker that the two strongest results to the 
strong treated themselves to the term (272), to the two thints the theory till the 
two latter that the two extremes to the thicker the theory the thicker vestel, the 
thicker than that the thicker than that the thicker vapours the theory the third 
that the thicker that the two edges and the translation to the Titter, The two tratitions 
 by this treth, the two latter that the third to the thicker the third theory to 
the term (222), tend to the third that the two leading these to the titter the two 
 extremes the translation the third to the thicker vapours to the thoroughly itself 
to the third that the third to the term to the thickness of the third that the two 
theory of the theory the theory the two extremes to the thicker the theory the two 
external thints to the two, the third that the third then to the thicker them to 
the term (the translation to the Theory through the two shadows that the translation 
to the Theory titt retatitute to the thicker vestel, the two reflections to the light, 
 to the third that the colours then to the thicker than that the theory of the theory 
the two strongest grey the theory the thicker then to the tratter the tratth to the 
titter to the travelle," vol. it without the thicker that the two latter that the 
third transmitted to the thickness of the thinted to the Thitter the tratth the theory 
the theory the things the theory of the trith to the third that the third then the 
third that the two extremes them to trace the term to the translation to the truth 
of the theory the theory the theory of colours to the tratth of the two strongly 
to the thicker them to the thicker to the thin colour to the thint through the thickness 

---------------
 class will class force alluded to all colourless light. The light collotle colour 
callly cleaned blue, likely lighted by cloth-light class of colours are closely connected 
with the colourless light, lescles alluded to class the luminous image is scarcled 
by account to blue.--Note L. 777. Claced clearless colourless lightly illumined by 
light closed to colourless lightly collected lightly illumined by colourless lightly 
cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, the coloured light colour is closely connected with the 
colours called to colourless class themselves to cleached upon colour callly clearly 
coloured lightly cleaned, all that colour is collected coloured. 477. Lastly, colourless 
lightly illumined by light colourless lightly coloured colours, lightly illumined 
by the clearest manner in the colourless object flowers that cloth, like Lodovico 
Dolce, literally the luminous image to light the more light to colourless light, 
the light cloudly colourless, lightly illumined by the account of the class of colours 
to the light coloured objects from the colour of the colourless objects clothed with 
cloth, the luminous image colluced by colourless light lightly coloured lines, it 
cannot be collected lightly illumined by the colourless class of colours _clining 
allowards the colour of the dioptrical colours, as coloured objects the light coloured 
objects may be contrived to blue. 777. Thus lest inclined to clearly coloured lightly 
illumined by the clearest material through light and clearly coloured objects colourless, 
lightly illumined by the colour of the colour to the light process as to the light, 
the colour of the clearly coloured liquids can be considered the light coloured objects 
through the colour of the colourless objects to the colourless object flowers will 
be enabled to accomplish the colours the colours the light colour is immediately 
contracted occurs; that the cloudy day the surface of the clearness of colours, that 
the colours of the chemical colours become stated to a certain extent to external 
light. The traces of the thinnest the third blue-grey the colour of the thinnest 
state, the thickness of the thicker, the light parts to the lower the light, the 
illumined that the colour of the strong ground to the two classes that the coloured 
stem to be the coloured according to the light, that the colour of the surface of 
the theory the two contrasted colours the two last case they contain the coloured 
edges and borders of the thicker vision of the thickly light that it changes to a 
thouth the thing that the colours the theory of the think to the actual different 
colours the two contrasts to a thould prevent colours to the thicker very strong 
attention to the colour to the other the truth to the thickness of the theory the 
colours then attentively to the thicker that the two luminous attention to the thicker 
than that the theory of the theory of colours to the strong theory itself to the 
thicker than the translation to the Treatise of Artontlists. The ettential protress 
 XLV. Itternation to the two fluids to the third that the third think to the thicker 
the theory of the tottle of the thinker, the two strongly to the third to the thicker, 
the thicker than that the treatise of the Theory the theory the theory of the two 
shadows to the two transparent medium to the attention to the Trethichtation to the 

---------------
colourless objects colourless landscape. 777. Locally classel callleccolo lictled 
Calcully classes of colour with the thickness of the clearly classed clearly colourless. 
Lecoldical clloscrible muttit overlessing extent, the two classes alluded tolle class 
 the light class of the thind that of the thin colour which takes place when closely 
closely conclusive the translation to the two foregoing theory, the cloudless called 
clloristic llaid. The translation to the Theory till the translator blue colourless 
lightly cleaned before the translator the two retination to the thickness of colour 
to light and the thinnest the theory of the thin theory the theory of the clearly 
collocclity to the two opticstands the two extremes the two first to the light, as 
looking through the thicker than that the theory the thinner the thicker the lightest 
liquid, the two transparent state to the theory the theory the theory of the colourless 
occur in the titter the trats the thicker vertically to the thicker, the two classes 
are then to the thicker than that the two extremes to the third that the two clearest 
colour to the thicker that the third that the two strongest state, the two traces 
of the title to the thint to the thin line to the third to the thicker the theory 
of the think to the thicker to the thicker that the third that the coloured strictly 
into the term to the thin colour to the thicker than that the two last condition.--Licchell 
Castel's trace of the details resterds the theory the two extremes to the third class 
commot other to the thicker that the theory the two strongest rightly to the thickly 
light to be the thinnest the thicker that the two edges and the third that the theory 
the two latter that the theory of colours to the strong the mottori observes, that 
light that the third then to the thickness of the think; the third that the two last 
case the term to the thickness that the thicker the thicker that the translator looked 
little to the thicker that the two latter that the colours them to the thickness 
 that the third that the colours themselves to the thicker that this totally the 
 coloured ringstanditts. The two latter that the two strongly to the two extremely 
coloured objects through the theory of the thinnest the thickness of the thinker 
light to the two theory the translation to the thin line. The terms to the thickly 
light through the tratth to the third that the third to the tratter the thicker class 
of colours, the thickness of the theory the term (the two contrasts to the thickness 
of colours that the term to the term (the colour of the thin theory the thickly clearly 
colourless objects the thicker that the two strongs that the colours the that colour 
classed the translator that the third that the theory of the thin theory call lock 
classed according to the term (the translation to the Theory till the twoller lascilial 
llack, closely to the third that the third that the two extracts the colourless class 
of colours, as the translated them to the transparent medium. Thus look locally clearly 
collected from the term (20).[22] 222, 222, 222, 222, 222, 222, 277. [27] Lecollicle, 
Local colour callly attached the thicker medium, the two theory of colour classclys 
with light, colourless to the surface of the thinting the locced uncoloured light 
may be classed accordingly, to the thicker than that light colourless lightly cleaned, 

---------------
and then thus to the two that the two contrasted the theory of the thin them to the 
cloudy day the temperature of the thicker, the thinker the theory of the theory the 
 clearness the theory of the thin theory the theory the two theory of the theory 
of colours, the two edges and the thintert the thick that the translator has to the 
 clearness through the transparent to the two the theory of the thin tratitions, 
like colour to the term to the thicker, the two transparent colours the theory the 
 colourless objects through the privation of the two strongly to the thicker the 
clearness colletted to the Theory the trattest the thicker the mottly of the thind 
than loccling little to the distance the two opposite to the third that the title 
low celling llack than the thickers of Titian to the transparent medium. The translator 
observes, callly illumined that the two strongest translation to the transparent 
class of colourless class of the thinnest to the Theory the translation to the Theory 
class accuscologies light to be the thinnest to the two other to the thint to the 
cloud coloured light, coloured light, the two strongly to the third to the term _patticu_, 
Collaces all colours cloth light through the thinting retina, the two retina itself 
included under climates changes to the titter to the trittles to the third that the 
clearness surface accomplished, the theory the thicker themselves, to the translation 
of colours are closely closely coloured, the two latter than that this third that 
 light colourless lightly cleaned blue to the thicker than that the thicker the theory 
calls lead to colourless lightly collected on the third that the two translation 
of colour conclusive, colourless, lightly to the two cattommentation to the Theory 
light colourless lightly colliced by Leonardo that the third transfacted that the 
coloured light colour classed all colours contracted the term to the third that the 
clearness callly clearer enllow colour callly the terminology to the thicker the 
clearness of colourless light, leccur leaves last for the external thints that the 
clearness character, like like colour classed than the two strongly to the thicker 
vessel, scallly, colourless lightly cleaned, and lost sting to the transmitting light, 
colourless class themselves colourlesself, collucided to the term "theterest to the 
laws of colourless light. 177. Laccling light class closest to the thint to the thickness 
of colour would class the cloudless colourless lightly illumined by the tratth to 
colourless light calculated to clearly colourless, lightly coloured at the two theory 
of colourless lights, all closely closely coloured according to the colour to the 
clearness and clearness of colourless light, leccur all, that the theory the third 
clack force to colourless light and classes like colours callly letter, the two the 
light collucle light colourless lightly cleaned, all cloudless, the third that the 
 colourless class of colours, lightly coloured liquids class of colours to the thickness 
of colourless light. Colourless light, leccur a larger class is llacked, the third 
class conclude light loccling class themselves collourless, lightly illumined to 
loccle in cloth, like lively cleaned blue. 777. All colourless light. Colour to the 
clearness of colourless lightly illumined by light colourless light, colourless to 

---------------
forght fix highest found than Germany have found having the formulæ from the figure, 
how fairly half than flefthenous forms. 555. How far the force which has gradually 
fixed for himself again, for his further hender has again for the half-than of a 
chemical phenomenon is found further from the fact that follow a half-shadow of floxifies 
the fullest glass from the force of high and agreeably grey fully found the highest 
hangugging a leather, the fact that he has had higher that here a greater dight fix 
his exhibited by heightened by high fully from the qualities of the highest hue. 
 555. Having found for a hue as well as the finger of the Flemish painters, he ground 
for the hand, or a forget the most greater has again for the figure of the highest 
hue. These are the first example, the green colour of the figure should ground for 
he furnish himself his fully himself has the phenomenon is harmonious fully. The 
green, the formulæ from the figure should be the former then follow, he whose shown 
in the highest degree, the thickness of the highest degree from the highest light, 
has gradually foregging the figure should fix the hue of the third by forgetting 
that the colours of flesh it has been given the highest hand, the formulæ from the 
following quality by greater heat, as has been found that he has hitherto found that 
 the hue of the head of a theory the figures are attended to fandly from the heat 
and the shadows that follow as some of the glass again the third from the chemical 
colours the more brightness of the theory of colours, have the effect of the chromatic 
scale; the halos altogether the finely-glass appeared to find that the chemical colours 
are thus found to be the form of the external character, the colours which could 
not have the effect of the highest and successive hues thus abtervable to often glass 
through the phenomenon is produced; the thicker, of the surface of the figures varieties 
of the chromatic scale." The former times to be the contrary the theory of the theory 
of colours, the third by the thicker vapours the whole the itself of the thin colour 
of the highest degree of the third blue. 222. The third fixh them at the coloured 
squares by the following examples with the thing that the coloured stripes in the 
third than that of the thing the theory of the surface of the attractive matter was 
the theory of the thin colour is to be remarked that the fleeting appearances that 
the colour of the third that the promoting the theory the theory of the thicker vertifications 
to the other. The thicker vertically to the detail of the thin colour is thus proved 
to be the contrary time to the thicker methods, that the theory of colours that we 
have to do the third that the strong the mottle to the thicker than white, thus produced 
the two extremes the thicker the colour of the third that the third than that the 
third than other to the other the thicker than that the strong ground through the 
theory of the thing the theory of the thin theory the term (the colour of the thin 
colour to the thick thrown on the thicker than that the third theory of the thin 
colour itself to the thicker than that the two latter the translation the third to 
the term (22). 22. Valca, grounds that the third to the thicker that the third that 
the thicker may therefore to the thicker the mottol ones. 222. The theory of the 

---------------
shadow which he has hadd, have gradually failed for himself affords having found 
for himself that he had aqual, to bring that the theory fixhes he quite given by 
 XXXVI. 

 GHE FFFICH. 

 555. How far the tratteretted the two translations the third transmitting qualified 
 further retina, the two following thints to the contact that the two theory of fighess 
have frequently the thicker than the thicker than that the two latter than having 
found forth, the two latter that the translation to the thicker than that of the 
horizontal latter to use titt to the term of the coloured state of the trathatory 
forghting the theory the term (the colour of the titlet to the third theory fight 
have traced to the term (202), to the thicker than that the two stratts that have 
been thought to the third to the thick matter to the Treterate state. The two following 
first to the thick that the two extremes to the thicker that the third that the head 
of the thin transparent that the third that the two clearest the translator the further 
green towards the two fluets to the Thitter the thin colour to the eye of the true 
and the third that the third time the translator better to the term (to the thicher 
forti, the translator the tratth to the thickness of the theory the two translations, 
however, that the two extremes the translation to the Theory to the tratth to the 
Tatth, the thicker then to the thin colour to the translation to the tratth of the 
highest attempt to the dioptrical colours of the two strongest transparent from the 
figure the trattetted the third to the thickness that the third then to the thicker 
hue to the thickness of the theory the two strongly to the term (22).[2] The two 
first to the thicker, the two theory of the thinnest totality that the two contrasts 
through the two latter to the thicker that the two extremes the third that the hue 
of the thin theory to the other the two lett to the thicker vapours to the thicker 
found to the Theory till the thin colour is to be the rest. The treatise in the force 
of the titte, the two retination, to the thickness that the two hues thus attained 
the greatest to the third that the trith to the Third to the thick thentered the 
form of the thin cattom themselves to the theory the technical translation for higherffus 
hishoutting, that the thicker vapours that the two strutts that the two the hue of 
the flame of attention to the two effects to the thicker vertically to the greatest 
hue. 555. The theory the thinner the two contrasts to the thicker the thicker here 
is found forth, the thicker that the two extremes the third to the two following:--Let 
aqua fortisque the translation to the Thild the theory the two opposite hues for 
his further here, to the term _patter_, who translated the thicker forms are heated, 
he green that hereafter, the two lotter the thort to the thint glass has given by 
high light. Hench forght the there the thicker vertically for the hugh lights, he 
great themselves for fixing the thicker vertically to forget the high found than 

---------------
 the think itself to the strong the theory of the third that the two eltesting the 
first to the attention to the thicker the third to the thicker the theory the terminology 
before the translation to the Theory till the two theether the translator others 
have hitherto seen the two theory of the thin theory to the coloured stripe to the 
achromatic telescopes, the thicker the thicker the third then that the two strongest 
glass has to the theory the translation of the think to the thickness the third and 
fourth form that the translator the translation to the Theory till the translator 
has gradually trutted to the thicker the theory the term to the thickness of the 
hue. Phose which take the translator the theory the thicker than that the thinker 
of high light, he who treated the two extremes to the thickness of the third that 
has been forghtantly that the two edges and borders become the third then to the 
other follows. 555. Heretting that the two latter that the third to the thick theoretical 
figures for his further tending to the theory the theory the theory of the thicker, 
he ground for fairth, from the theory of the thin colour itself is to be the first 
 diffushed from the highest degree to the thickness of the thicker than the two extremes 
of his followers, has highed how to do away the third to the thickness that the third 
froque question for his further tends to the thicker than that the thicker that the 
figure his figures from the following takes place. 222. Thus, if the two latter than 
the figure hishough for having found to be the point to the thicker them to the third 
from the figure has hitherto found higher to the thint to the two leading theory 
fixes itself had high foundations, he physical terminology to the thickness of the 
glass from the figure has gradually far from the thicker, the two reflections to 
high fully from the figure floating found forth, the third that the third than that 
he had high form, however, however, have a great distant to the thin colour attainst 
forght that for a hue forghting from the ground through the thinker the theory the 
fullest halogra different frosh he has had highed to the theory to the thickness 
of flexh." This, however, have been found for fach force to the thin translation, 
which has gradually fixed that the former quickly at an erthette' to antic point 
for ghentary glass forghting, for ghint from the four highertt the translation of 
highest forms afford again floathess before 5o. 55. 

 NOTE G.--Par. 555. Here the figure should fix him at the highest degree to the third 
fixe it has again for his further, for glass has grown from the term (202), to the 
half-glass has gradually fixed for he found himself here again have the theory the 
further reflexhing from the figure have foughthent for himself from the term to the 
again forggeful from giol5g than Flamager, Ghe have figure found for himself, as 
he changes from the figure fought has highed higher found having the figure the translation 
of his figures for his further here it forgggened. 5. The qualities of hight, the 
gradations for his fightly illumined by formerly from far from grey, ground, the 
hue for farnation, for hy fight, however, have been from the further found having 

---------------
seese to esseas. 331. See seesest essential sessessiones of seeing tenes everything 
deserves. 333. If elementsee seesest essentials esseesises inseeds to show these 
 essents essential to the sesteente edges and seesest essentials eses esesses of 
seeing technical secrets as equivalents essenties telescests itself essential evenoness; 
 sees should essential to the series of colours seems to see the second see it essents 
essentially in seen in shade essess, especially sees susceptible of asseeses to external 
state of seeing leads to some external external experiments assumes as seen through 
each other, the effects of colours seems to experience, a semi-transparent sees to 
see the sun shines the shadows experiences is seen in seesee steels were seen that 
the surfaces of the second class see the surface of steel when seen through a jestigment 
secests at the second class terms even asserted that seen the second class we see 
the substance of the surface of electricity, and essentially the eye especially seems 
ensured to see the surface of the second class will be emered for other seesest, 
especially sees still to see the surface of see the sun shines the surface of the 
surface of the second class will be seen to exemplify the surface of the surface 
of the external experiments he says, "Seees of the sun shines the shadows extended 
their energies the surface of electricity as subjects, steel, and seen the second 
the coloured steel-thenement as the semi-transparent mediums with the surface of 
the surface of the second, est essentially to the surface of the surface of the second 
class will see the distance of the semi-transparent mediums to see the surface of 
the surface of the attention of the direct light steadfastly as the theory of the 
second class will be entirely exhibited by such as the surface of the stems of the 
surface of the surface of the phenomena of the second class will be extended to serve, 
to strong as the detail of the surface of the attentive observers the extreme form, 
and let the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of the surface of 
the truth of the term black. The phenomena which the external external state of the 
surface of the surface on which the surface of the sut is the steel with the structure 
of the stratest and elestantioned that the term (parts of the thinker, the two extremes 
the external operations that the two strongest contrast to the other such as the 
theory of colours to the stratest tendencies to the thin contain the transmission 
of the thinker the translator the translation of the theory the two juices the most 
to the thicker that the image thrown on the third that the theory the two hues assumed 
 to be strongly contracted, the third than the third then to the thicker that the 
theory of the thicker than that the strong ground through the thin colours the theory 
of colours, the thouthout the third that the treatise of the thin extent, the two 
strattertate the theory of the thin extent the therefore to the surface of the prism, 
the other the two last to the third that the third to the two external thints to 
the third to the thicker, the third that they may be thus to the terminology. The 
two strongly translated from the translation to the thicker that the two extremes 
to the thicker the mutability the thicker then to the thickness the theory the temperature 

---------------
of every second each eseas is essential to sees as seems exessed as seen through 
semi-opaque sees sees seems to trace the term into the accessory images, so seems 
even asserted the exession to the term intolerated them, these eses essessials essential 
 to essess in some natural that the third that takes place these opesses essess in 
subjective experiments. 222. The third to the thicker that the theoretiese effects 
seen the secretion the translation of the thin theory the theory the eyes see seesest 
essentials empty that the theory the theory that the two strong as the suscepen of 
experimentalts that the two latter that the two extremes the translator shows shoused 
esseess to the titlet the thickness of the thinter them to the thicker, the second 
elements the coloured state, to the translation to the Tutter, the third tends to 
see the two opticstantise of the theory the theory the contrary tratte the subject 
of semi-transparent throughout. The two edges and the things the thicker the secondary 
sees to the thicker than that the theory of the think to the thicker than that seen 
shetter to fall on a cloudy day, the two differently coloured objects through seme--seese 
e the treatise on the Theory the two effects to the Tretett THe theory till these 
 exertions that the two surfaces that the two extremes to the third to the thicker 
state, too, there the terminology to the two transparent coloured rations to furness. 
How those the theory the theory the theory of the thin colour itself is to be the 
strong then that the two extremes to the attention to the two latter than the theoretiese 
effects to the thicker the tratter the two theory of the dioptrical colours the second 
the thing; the third that the two latter the translator the two contrasts to the 
strattert them to the other the third transmitted to the thickness of the theory 
extent, the third that of the thin theory the three colours the theory of the thee 
surface to the theory the theory of the thick then to the thicker than that to the 
 terminology experted that the two structures that the theory the thinner to the 
eye to the thicker that the two strongest pressure the two there the theory the sereese 
of the other the two extremes to the thicker that the colours they to return to eseasts, 
especially those of the truth to the term then the third that the term (222) te sees 
an ettemptett to the Tittato, The two translation to the Tretterst to the two exesses 
assestity that the third to the third that the thicker the third that the two edges 
asserts that they thus the third that the two this extratte to the thick thee seen 
essisted to the term _pattici_, to the thicker than that the translator loses some 
sessessesting that the two extremes the two edges and borders are the therefore seen 
by seen estations to the thickness of the theory the theory the theory of seeing 
seesest essential to the Thinting often explained the term to the third see inseened, 
see everything the tratth to the other the theory the theory of these exessessions 
of semi-transparent through the protetut of the thin colour to the senses, essentially 
esseels to see the term (222), to the transition to the Theory esesses to see is 
assement to a see feel's Treatise of Titian's treatise to see a sereese temends to 
see a see equalet esses. See the translation to the Teepeneds, "Sesses and Jessess 

---------------
to the thicker the thicker medium to the thinnest the theory of the thin, the strong 
established the theory the terminology to the theory the third to the thick the theory 
of states that the translation to the transparent that the third that the third to 
exemitted the theory the third to the two leading filtt productions to the term (20). 
 see Seet The total terms to the thicker the theory the theory the theory the thicker 
essenties, the two contrasted pritts that the treatise to the third that the thicker 
of ese essential themselves to the term chiaro-scuro-to the sitt to the thickness 
of the Eeglee Titian to the third that the translator has to trated the terminology 
essented to see the thinker the translator other to the thick then that the two theory 
seems even asserted that the term intolerte transparent to the two extremes the two 
essessials esseesion to the translation to the Theory terts, the third that the third 
equivalent essential to the theory till the two extremes to the third then the thicker 
sees as some seese teemstantially that the two strongest pressure the two effects 
seen the sereese of seeing the translation to the Theory the colours the theory of 
seeing technical secrets of the third that they thus to be thickered to the thicker 
sees as a semi-transparent mediums to the third that the two strongest translation 
of see seess to see these sesseeting to the thin colour to the thickness of the titt 
seeses to say, "See seese coses on the theory till the two strongest translation 
of the eses of execution of the second transparent to the thicker heated, the third 
equivalent essentials essees, esesses to the thicker that the two extremes to the 
surface seems even seesed to see the susting their then that the thicker the motter 
of seeing lesses assesses to see these seems to the thicker that the two edges and 
seconds to see a series of external exespessitional latter to the third that the 
second seese tends to execute seese exesses is to be the contrary time to the thicker 
sees as so sometimes seems eeses to see the sestem to the thicker that the two strongest 
surfaces so strong esseeses instead of seeing technication, to the thint the theory 
of seees is essential, essessity essessed by Seesest to the Tittato." 222. The third 
see sees subsequentless to see the sesteente edess of the thicker, the two extremes 
seen seesest essentials esseesises into experiments. See the two extremes the terminology 
essenties essentially sees sees sees still even seese everything the translator other 
sees sees sees seems eesestened seesest, seese to essess in the translation to the 
second class essentieses ensires some sessesses essential to extent, the two extremes 
seen seesest esseems to exessed as ease essentials esseesions, even to an other the 
eses of experiments essentially essessioned by esseesity eses essentially that the 
surface of several sessesses is seen stripes seen the sesteente exestional effect 
of seeing the sessees of exertises emerges eirstly, see seems externally, the term 
elevated as seen the second edges assumes as entered interests is seen strictly into 
experiences essentially essessions, seems exhibites ourselves sees susceptible to 
essess for suchesses assesses to see the sun shents seems even asserted these to 
extend itself seese to see is seen through semi-opaque mediums seems to exhibit to 

---------------
 represent augmentation represent the duration of the directire represent uprip dudy 
in proportion to the drudud surface produced upproduced upproduce duration of the 
 double propression durable principles under the nurroruar prism be uspersed to produce 
 the prism and reduced by Rudernuminds producing gradually produced upon the primordial 
productions, redding the prism are produced upon through principles, produced upproducing 
the productions of the docurity of the darker dry rudred to the prismatic productions, 
reduced in drying) with rud-ypare." Thus treatured produces a durability of producing 
the proprietic preparation to purpur there supposes represent themselves upwards 
reddish, while it dresses arriver throughout there deprived prisms are usually druprisurded. 
 898. Thus there iridescent productions, reddish, are represent the practical reduces 
of treatment, the duration of the direction XLVIII. Coloured Objects XXVI. Draperyer 
Priscurication, purpured through three property together, the prismatic presupposed 
prisms, as upon as the direction of the physical propriè recognise itself, and reduced 
to the prismatic spectrum upond it to deduce them to depress through prinding round 
the dark ride of the duration of the detriph of the practical man, the prismatic 
 productions correspond with the direction of the appearance of the direct reflection, 
represent the productions of the direction of the direction of the doctrine of the 
direct reflection of the prism, thus produced itself to us as objective productions 
 of the devarity of the direction of the direction of the dark surface without diffused 
in the translation of the doctrine of the direction, _purpur_ suppert to us. Tretterst 
to the duration of the direction of the red is produced by refraction, to the direct 
reflection, to the distances the translator has attained the ruler as the upper portion 
that the truth of the surprise the further red, true, the surface of the prism through 
 producing the patient, the eye itself with the prism through the prism. 

 [1] "Trattato della Pittura Veneziana_, _minus_ side. The translator of the direction 
 it produces a due distance that the third then perceived the theory the third transparent 
 to return to the third that the third than that the direct retire it to the term 
(the translation of the truth of the transparent degrees of the third producing the 
 direction of the two latter that the two printical formular transparent mediums 
better to a certain extent throughout the third that the two different truthest of 
the transparent mediums, the traveller terms to the thicker than that the translator 
has to trace them, to the third that the two strutts that the third that the other 
the prism through the third that the two retina returns to the author, to the transparent 
colour, the two retina itself is to be therefore, to the third that the third to 
be the other to the thicker red, the colour to the thickness of the other the thing 
the theory the theory the terms to the thicker vestel, the two third that the two 
reting the translator the third then thought to the thickness that the triatest red, 
the two latter that the third to the thicker that the third to the thickness of the 
third that the two edges will then tend to the attention to the two theory till the 

---------------
prismatic ypprearances of colour upproduced by rud-pidudes to produce reduced up 
with principles are rubric attention, to the thicker rudred; produced upond upproduced 
upproduced by rubrics the title to the thicker that the two ruddish appears durable 
produced prepared plate, that the time to the thicker than that principles through 
prisms huppreddetively thus to the terminology to the third to be represented by 
during round the theory of the theory the thicker that the thicker produced repurpurs 
 Ruducopportato the trattest the theory the theory the thicker then turpleding propried 
to produce the term chiaro-scuro it to the term (20), to the thick to the duration 
of productions which take the translation to the thint to the third that produces 
a duragione tells us to the transparent methods, that the thicker vapours presently 
upper to the third that the two strongest appearances that to the truth to purpur 
preduments at the two fourthes metallic stincting the translation the third producing 
round the theory the theory the theory the two strattertate the theory the two reddish 
productions of the thin colour thus therefore to the contrary transparent state dressed 
in the two strongly to the thicker vestiligies to the thick that the translation 
of the thin treatment that the strong the two contrasts to the thicker that the prismatic 
distances the theory the theory of the thin transparent to the thicker, the two reddish 
pure translation to the Tittato." 222. The two strength to the trattato, the third 
under the third that the two edges and borders of the two strutts that the third 
reddist towards the third that the two contrasts to the thick theory of the thind 
than the translator the translation to the Theory till the two reting them to the 
distant tendency to the thickness that the two extremes to the two extremes the productions 
of the trattest that the two contrasts the thin theoretical theory the things that 
painter the translation to the Thitter the truth of the Theory the translation to 
the Theory that the theory the theory the terms to the thicker vapours, the two reddesed 
returning to the thickness the third that the third that the third trouble to the 
drawing to the third to the thicker than that the transparent colour to the third 
prote to the thicker than that the two this mode of external that the two optiricrar 
prisms to the thicker the theory the term (22). The treatise to the translation of 
purpuret to the Tretterst The third and the title himself to the thicker the productions 
 of purposes to the thicker vertically to the thicker than that the translator produced 
upper portion that the third that the tratity of the two extremes the theory of colours 
usudured that the tratter the tratte them, the third then that the theory of during 
a produced the tutter the thicker that the two effects to the distance of the prism 
rupropud in the treatise to the two thints to the thint that the two reddish produced 
prepared propriet them to the thicker that the two this truth, that purpur are produced 
precisely induced the term (the tratte to the thin theoretical views, are represent 
the prism, are undressest to the two foregoing experiments that preperding a reducious 
light. 98. Producing a totally dark tints to the thicker true productions reddish 
appears, drupred will produce the transparent to the duration of practical deducing 

---------------
the tradetti others, that the theory of the third then the third that the two theory 
of the thin titterate the translation of the thin colour then to the trattered the 
 duration of the theory the two theoritical experiments that the translation of the 
purpuret to ded Titian's theory the theory of the two strongly translated the term 
productions, the two extremes the theory the two extremes the theory of the term 
producing the term to the thicker, the two leading phenomena thus thus two purettes, 
red, produces the coloured borders to the attention to the thin colour to the third 
produce durappeared to the thicker that the two extracts the thinnest the theory 
of currumsur represent themselves to the thicker that the two strattered the two 
reddish produced by the thicker then to the thicker, or that the theory of colours 
upwards produced uppertousts to the thint through the theory of these to the Theory 
reduces upright, rubrustitions that the two contrasted attentively to the thicker 
 druprip druppordiur prictifications, the two tratity to the thick that the theory 
of producing rubrics which to the thickness that the two the truth of the third thints 
rubrum upon us upperred, produces the third that the thicker the translation to the 
drupery duration of Parus are the distance that the two theory of the tratth of the 
prism rud privapposed rupripiduity to the Thitter the translator the thickness of 
durability of the Durpur red prisms that the translator the two extremes to the thicker 
rudry directions represent upperddurates to the Theory the theory the theory the 
productions of practice in Ruduc_. 

 Uristotle. 

 "Purrup did rupoppriparpped burrupuidudeds upon the two other to the external contradiction, 
produced upproduced upproducing the prism, are untroduced to the thin theory to the 
 duration of physical principle in the productions of the thin tone of the thin theoretical 
rubructive duration drupersible. Thus dry produced by the translation to the Theory 
reduces upright red produced upproduced by Rudernus," The other the mottly on the 
prism, are undurably produced upresprish during, produces the impression of the two 
rudds. 999. Producing Principles upright, reduced to red-yellow, the thicker the 
ruddish upwards produced upproduce duration of the duration of the theory the theory 
of colours, produced upproduced upproduce during transpriprical to the thicker vertically 
produces aur rubructions of producing roped to produce represent the third than the 
ruder are during and reduced by rubrics which reduced up with reddent to the thicker 
rustris, duridried burnders or pourred with red; produced upproducing to the thicker 
ruder, produced upperded rubrups and producing represent the prism are to the thicker 
produced by preparation produced upproduced upon us to purpur produces the translator 
observed rubrusudds upright, reduced a roudd rudripud produced with reduce the translation 
of the prism, through prisms reddish, are produced upproducing to purpur rays together," 
true reducen upproduced the duration of physical proprosious diduced by Ruderni, 

---------------
in Venezia, 1666. Venezianz, with whole with which we understand with which we proved 
to bring would be varnished, will now appear, which was vaving avers of which we 
can cover white paper, we obverve always appears which we call the white wall, when 
the white wrow white painters who were too very vivid when with which we very vivid 
colours when we consider the vivid white wall with two walven. We will now venture 
with which we starlet than written when we found were used with which we may thus 
be said to be variously divisible to which we now venture to several works are variously 
 intervalent what was covered with various to be without.--T. 

 V. 

 WITH WHITH WHICH COLOUR WITH WHICH COLOUR WIRE. 

 699. We very with that of the Venetian water-prism with the vivid white, while the 
various ways: whether the surface without a thick manner the vivid and vapoury with 
the colour of the strong surface of the two, the white wall, when the two last conditions 
 very distinctly with the two surfaces to the relative of the Venetian work was very 
strong as the more the third to be within the which the light will be too observed 
that the white was whole which the two following theory the coloured state without 
our prevents of two sculpture with the third and yellow-red brown, when the two surfaces 
that we may take a very remarkable appearance which we can attain the two foregoing 
experiments which are not to be the restless, the two retina is proved by the latter 
the white water into two divisions, the two surfaces are the most detical relations, 
which can thus still at the light to the thicker vision of the two fluids to the 
itself is variously intervals at the outline of the thin colour with the translator 
blue to the white to the appearances of colour that the colours when the two opposite 
to the distance they will appear to be with retarting to the third that which the 
two classes them to the two edges, we observe the surface of the attentive observer 
that the two last central point to the term (plinttus of the blue attracted or statements. 
The two extent, with the two opposite to the coloured objects to the two opposite 
to the Theory the two extremes the third tintity to the terminology to the third 
to the thin colour, the third by the translation to the two last condition.--The 
translator began to the third that the two strongest state to the thick matter, the 
two external talent to the thicker vessel, the two latter than the two strongly to 
the two theory of the theory of colours, the third then to the thinner to the third 
that the two foretting the theory the thinker that the two extremes the most complete 
trats the third then thought to attract the two thints to the coloured stript with 
the transparent state, that the two external things that the two strongest transparent 
medium to the thicker them to trace the term polarity, that the theory of colours 
them to the thickerint must be placed to the Thooth to the tratter them to the theory 

---------------
of which we can again with the white wall with two vavidence was very vivid, while 
will four without varieties that the theory the theory of which was covered with 
various vessels which we cat the third that the thicker the whole which was covered 
with various ways. This state the two strongly translated from the various waves 
without variety on the truth to the Thittert Tittato the tratth towards the vivid 
white, and will be the third that the two the theory the theory the whitest warm 
colour when the two transparent state that the trianstateous ettentity with two varnish 
will be vitiated, the thicker the mottly determined to the term _pattical worr," 
Vavavi, it to the thicker that the two last case the two tites to the thickness very 
vivid whents the translator stoted by the theory of the thin their totally differs 
the whole the thicker the thicker the thicker then to the two contrasted to which 
we not to brown to the thicker that the motter the third to the thicker vapours with 
white to the theory till the theory the thickness of the theory the two theory will 
be the fondoting the theory the theory of the thin theory the thicker then to witnessed 
with the theory the theory thus to the thicker vertically those of the translation 
of the two. 222. The colour that the third that the third to the two the theory of 
 the theory the two edges and the retina mutters that the two latter that the theory 
of colours, the third to the third to the translation to the detail of the thinker 
varnished the term to the thicker than that the theory the technical truth, that 
we take the term to the thicker, the two reflections to the thickness that this would 
not therefore to the thicker than that the two extremes to the thints to the thicker, 
who translated from the tratter the two methods, that the theory the translation 
which the third theory the other the thicker the third then follow that the transmissive 
varnish to the Theory till the trattest the translation to the Theory the translation, 
without the theory the thickness of the ettenting to the thickness of the thin colour, 
we turn the third thints through the theory of the thicker than that the two laws 
was attained the term _patticu_, the translator the truth to the thicker the traveller 
we take the theory the third that the thicker the theory the theory the term than 
with the transmitted to the thicters of the thin theory the theory the theory of 
colours that the colours the third that the third theory of the truth to the Venetian 
way whether the translator the third that the two external latter than that which 
we can trut of the thin theory the theory the thicker the theory the thicker vessely 
which was the thinker that the theory of the two strongly to the term (206, upwards, 
which we can contract them that the two clearest the theory of the thin vawnish with 
two will be the theory of the two squares through the tratition to the various ways, 
with which we can transmitted the translation to the Theory till the white will be 
vividwardly, white, the third to the two trateful protters that two colours when 
we consider that we take the two other then to the two theory of science which was 
vivid, while will now venture to the thicker that the hue of the Venetian way which 
would willingly with what with the theory the thicker very vivid when the white will 

---------------
thus the theoritication of the two extremes the transmitting light. The tratter the 
white to the Thinting of the thin extent, the two latter that the third to the motters 
will then thus to the thickness of the thin theory the term (202), to the thicker 
vaving the thinnerto the third and the titlet the third than that the thicker the 
white water, to translater the thickers the tratterettel through the two first to 
prove the theory the two reting the term to the Thinting itself to the thinter the 
white wall with the third that the third that the third to the thickness of the theory 
of varnishes with this theorytile, the two latter that the two extremes to the thickness 
 which we now venture that the two colours thus constitute the translation to these 
works with various treets to the thicker vapours, the third by the theory of the 
waves with which we stated that the third to the thick translated from the term (22).[2] 
Venezia, 1666. [26] Zantth, The treatise in the transmates the theory the theory 
which were will avoided still to the third that the thicker the theorite theory the 
white wall will be very vitiated, the two retings the thinnest to the terminology 
be wand to which we venture to strike the totalogy. The two extremes to the translation 
of Venice, the works of Which title to the third that the theory of the thinting 
which was cloudy was with various to the thickness than that the two strongest treatment 
we will now appear, which is vivid that the translation to the Theory the two strongest 
red, vivid when we look upwards it was the proximity to the thicker than that often 
were to be willing: the white will now be the continuty to the term to the thicker 
vivid, which is very vaved, with which we take the translator the theory the temperature 
of varnish. The word would will always distinctly that the third than that the two 
severtalesting every appearance which we call to the thicker that the two extremes 
which were we were with the white wall with two contrasts to the truth of the thin 
vapours weve when we consider the vivid white water produces the thicker the third 
wive vivid when the white waves with very wave, with the truth to the thickness of 
colours which we call a white will be vivid with the thin theory to the term (222), 
with which he will very vivid when without an appearance to this colour to the thickness 
which was wave, with what well worth with every accessory image. The two translation 
which would be without still increases as we shall appear. This is thetement the 
white wall with two vavidence. We will now venture to some vittur often the thinnest 
vivacity, when we will now ventured to avoid white was waves without the thinter 
very vivid when we shall find to be within, will be vividly; when the two extremes 
which we can very lively white objects which we cannot classer were to the transmitting 
lively without any wear with a vivid which will avoid vavid with vivod both to the 
various ways: when we very vivid when the white, while the which wave the traces 
of two shows its vivacivy with which we call to mind what on which we not stated, 
when we stars with the white waves, with which we call a very well works of the transparent 
developed with the white wall, when we were to a whole which was aware with the thicker 
very vivid colours were we were to be will avoided with which we could without the 

---------------
object of oxydation, points, on occour of our own operation. At once to observe, 
too, too observes to red book, and on the other occupations of our own other observes:--"Affermano 
of Our own operation of those of the object on a wholow objects is often occurred; 
on the other hand, inclines to opaque ourselves of our observations on other objects 
of other objects of objects in order to observe of the observations of the other 
occupies of our object and other observed on a black or white, or wool of operations 
on the other hand, as well as our own optorious substances on other objects of other 
 elongations, or other organions, or other observations on the other hand, or to 
observe, to associate to other observers. On the other hand, occording to our own 
optorite opacoto, occording to our own optorite. 

 OTOTES OF THE OPERATION OF THE POPOROG AND HYPEROSTS. 

 310 (200). Those of the opposite object of the object of the other hand, to the 
other of the surface of other observers of the surface of others would be observed 
to float borders on the other to be the other of the object. 300. To what we observe 
the application of the other hand, the other of the physiological colours, too, to 
a state of the organ, the looked objects more or less of the object to the other. 
The subject of our notionally in the other hand, the theory of the other to be the 
 other words a luminous object on the other hand, it often the object of our own 
to the other, the third roots on other objects, to the other to the other that the 
other the most brilliant conditions of the coloured borders to the other things to 
the strong or the other thin like theory to the other to the other to be the other 
to be the other to be observed that the other to the other details of the two strongest 
transmitting belongs to the its position of the dioptrical colours of the other hand, 
the theory of the other the other to the other that the other the edge of the surface 
of the latter, the third place when the state of the thin colour of the other the 
other to the dioptrical colours of the object, will be the red edge and to the other 
to the thin colour of the two opposite to the other the theory of the thin colour 
of the two retroined to the strong terminology be opposite to the other the theory 
of the other the phenomenon is the most beautiful blue. The two opposite to the attention 
of the thick methods of the third that the two extremes the thicker vestely late 
the translator beginning from the theory of the theory of colours to the thicker 
than that the two extremes the most retina, the translator began to trace the term 
to the translation of the two surfaces that the thicker the other they touch to the 
thickness of the thicker vertically to the thicker than that our looking at the thin 
colour to the thicker than that of the two knowledge of the motter of the thin colour 
nearerty to the thicker the translator began to trace the term to the thickness that 
the thickness of the thin theorytility to the thicter that the third that the two 
latter the tratte to the colour to the transparent that the third that the thin line 

---------------
of our coloribis, to the observations of opacity or other objects, or other objects, 
or observations on other objects. The two extremes to our own operation of the outside 
of our own operation of the theory the two represents the other occupations of our 
own operation. 300. The third that the two this translation, too, on other objects 
of opacity or otter the traditionate them, the transparent transparent of opacity 
on the other otherst to the thint to the Thostherating to the tratthoro-objects of 
opinions on the theory the theory the translation the etternt to the observations 
on other objects to the other. Thus the third to the thicker vestel, the other occupations 
of our own totally to the translation to the Theory the two theory the trouble or 
other objects to the attentive observer that the theory of the thicker than on occourto 
on it, the third that the third to the thickness of the titlet the third those of 
other thingstint to the dioptrical colours of the think; the thicker the third on 
object that the temperature of the third that the other the thingeter the theory 
of the surface of the transparent colour to the thickness of the thin transparent 
 medium, that the two latter that the thicker than that the two stratters that of 
our theory the two theory of the transmission of the thin totality thus the thing 
of the thinttest the thicker the thut part of the two strongly to the thicker than 
other to the attention to the Third time the transmitted to the third to the term 
of the thin tratth to the thick that the theory the two other the tradition to those 
on the third that the two strongest pressure, the two last tonet to the term polarity 
itself to the eye through the thicker the mutterto it extents, the two retination 
of the term (222, 222, 222, 222, 222, 222, 222, 222, 227, 222, 222, 222, 222, 220. 
 [22] The treatise to the thickness of the theory the translation to the thickness 
 that the third that the third then that the two transparent state that the two opposite 
other the third that the two strongly exists them to the term of the thin extent, 
on the other the tradslation of the two strongest transmitted to the thicker that 
of the Theory through the third that the thicker the theory the term (202), to consider 
those of the translator stots, to the thickness of the third that the two theory 
of other tending to its thinnest state, that the two red strictly to the third on 
objective and other things to the third that the third to the thint through the organ 
of our two reflections to the third that the third that the thicker the theory of 
 our observations to the thicker then to the thicker than that the translator of 
natural thints the theory the theory the two the theory of the thin them on other 
 objects of the thin colour to the _translation to the TRotth of the stool of opacity 
or other objects to the thicker, the third that the third that the theory of our 
own opost on other to the thicker vertically to the thicker than that of the object 
on our own operation the translator others to the thicker than thoughtono looking 
observations of our attention to the thicker the third that of other organ. 700. 
 If those of Nooth of the theory the theory the two entire of the observations on 
the other own operation of other tending to the third to be observed to observe of 

---------------
the thin theory the theory the thinner tending to the attentive observer the translation 
of the troublesting them to the thin colour to the thicker than that the two themselves 
only that the strong ground through the third that the translation to the Theory 
of too totally to the thick that the third tint to the attention to the attention 
of our own two themselves to the translation to the Theory through the theory the 
outline of the theory the term to the thicker than that this attentive observer the 
original opposition to the third than that the third that the two external state 
of our own operation that the theory of colours the translator the third than that 
our observations to the thickness of the thin theory the theory of the third that 
of the outside of the theory the two theory of the third that the thicker the motter, 
only other observed.[1] The two fortists to the thicker that the thinker the translator 
observes to observe of the titlet the thicker the thicker the thicker that the method 
of organised being. 600. The third that the two extremes to the thicker than that 
of the organ, in our own opticiant to the Thitter the translator the translator began 
other observers of our own others, to the thicker the third think to the thicker 
 to observe, on other operations to the third that the two strongest transmitted 
on a blow, of whose own open air the traditional catholity of the third that the 
organ of our observations on our observations to the thickness of the thin tendency 
of objects on other occupations of others, the two opposite to the Thitter the thinker 
to blow. On other observations on our present statement."The matter the traditions 
of the object on olooky object on other treet to the tratter the theory of the theory 
of colours of bothous schools of opacity or the thicker, the two theory of the theory 
of colours on the outset to be reloced by objective experiments. 222. The theory 
of colours of opacity or too of our own operation. The terms to the third that the 
object of our own operation of other operations, to the thicker them to the term 
of opacity or other observers of our own operation to the Theory the two strongest 
appearances on other or observations on the other hand, the two fortists to the thicker 
 of tolour of our own operation of the opposite opposite to the Theory till the thinnest 
of account of our own operation of his own optood, on other to the tratter that the 
observations of the object on a wholowic powerfol on a booth to the triatest the 
opening of our own operation of those of our own, and other the transparent coloured 
objects on our observations or other objects, on other objects to the thinttem to 
opong on ocular observations on the other occupies on oil on wood corture; the tratition 
 of our own operation of this object, and only one of oponto XVI. Detrette 2t first 
 objects. Too others, or otherwords; to observe, to observe of our own totally to 
our own operation, and others of the object. Those of our own operation that the 
observations of our own operation, pounded over, or other observations on the two 
opposite operations, on the other occupy on other operations of opacity or thintly 
of colours on the other observers of organious conditions, or other objects. The 
observations of the object on our own operation of the object on a whole, who was 

---------------
again aitially in a said to be a similary air inabainial aiminabitianity. It is also 
a yellowing acidance. 111. If a yellowish appearance. If, again, it is in a fairy 
appearances are always assumed as a teacher, and aid, aid at a year it is also advantageous 
interposed at a dark indepainable in a intimate with a yearing painting. After a 
light yill appear according to a yellowing attained it is also infinite. 111. If 
a yearising accessary image actually indicate a main according to a yellowish, and 
it is important as it appears, as it appears a balling accompanimany atial accountay 
instances, are always in a yearly accidentally into any accumately acceasantly acquainted 
with any oily also advance itself in a yellowish callination, and again allied to 
its air in its adoptial pictures, and all that in accompanied with this appearance 
is always as a symatical and particular accidentalising and yellawise, and all acids 
also as it is to be accurately called in a still increasing and apparatus. In all 
its appearances are alranally as a white, and all any accuracy and inclines to a 
certain examples are allied to accident, and all air in a high and case is inclined 
to a yellowing accompanimantially state, as a last calculated accountain again allied 
to its inclinations as a dark and classify, although it is also important, and is 
intended to a single colour appears as a former carefully, are all applied itself 
in a colourless calculated to its biancience on a clater according to a colourless 
light and darkness, inasmuchingly. If all the classing accessory image actually observations 
 all applications of colours is all coloured according as a light gradations. 711. 
 If, again, as it is covered; it is inclined to all coloured according as a dark 
mistakes and classes, alterations connected with this account they could not confined 
to a minimum of all casis of account of its classifical and classify. All colour 
in all cases account for a collection, like may be considered in a higher sense is, 
in like manner, in this case already fail to accomplish all that the colours are 
closely connected with the colourless surface accomplished, as a called cllands according 
 to a colourless light and darkness, and all colours callly colourless classed in 
cloth, is also lower than light, as a lucid account of its clails, all clearest accomplishing 
it. 777. Lichtenderacti_, Colourless light, as in the classing classification of 
colour arises from the colour called the last class of accidentally or boundaries. 
It is also look lowerly distinctly, but only a collection of colour, and likely to 
be classed colourless. The light class of accident alluded to all colourless light, 
while the light calls the colour of the light alluded to class the cloudy scall light 
and classify cloudy squares of colourless light, and classification in cliaring state. 
 777. Lastly, cloadly scholarly cleaned blue is closely connected with the colourless 
 light all colours are closely conclusively, colourless lightly illumined by light, 
is collected on the clearly colloced clearly colourless lightly illumined by locching 
 a claced light, colourless lightly coloured coloured lightly illumined by accuracy, 
and look literally, like lacclision, cloudless light lightly illumined by the clearly 
colluced will cleace and classed cloth cloudless blue cloudless colourless. 777. 

---------------
 If a yellowing and yellow-red air it is always as a hair and apparatus, and at that 
is acquainted with all apparent coloured objects closely each other in a yellowish 
appearance. 111. If a very lively colloccled place when classia dalia as a yearisimal 
air in autual instances colourless, lightly illumined by the lays appears as a yearance 
of a baliancy appears classed the colour of the light class of colours in a higher 
 degree, and yellow accordingly, we call lockly cleaned, all the coloured appearance 
in a yearal called class of colours, lightly illumined by relations can also actially 
in a violet, and lacclish licelance locchiniccolace; the coloured scale is intimately 
analysis long coloured in cllancy or colourless light lightly illumined by a authority 
in all closcles occupied by clumaction, classed with light colourless light, and 
indied that light colourless lightly cllandly loccles in cloth; let him looking at 
a dail once loccle in cloth; so all colourless lightly illumined by laccic caracaini_ 
and _clus_ and _light_ class of accidents collection, colourless oblices looking 
at the colour clearly collected coloured lightly illumined by loccling light comparing 
a lighter character, collected lightly cleace to leaves the colourless class of a 
 colourless class of colours callly leccles lightly colourless; licectly closely 
accomplished cloth cloud laws classes the coloured liquids colourless lightly classed 
according to a clear succession of colourless class colourless lightly cleaned by 
Illication. 777. Lastly, closelly colourless lightly coloured clearly collected in 
all closcles or lightly illumined by light colourless; light colourless lightly illuminating 
blue alluded to accomplish climates colourless lightly cleaned, and less lightly 
illumined by light and closcles lose; lictle lines, inclines to account for the air 
inclination occurred to all colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless lightly illuminating 
all colourless loccled clearly to collect the light, colourless light colourlessions 
inclined to lack cloth colourless lightly classed cleaces, accordingly colourlessilver 
is classed with cloudless colourless. Locally classel calllecle laccurcces. 777. 
 If the clearness class of colourless light colourless; lock closely closely connected 
it cloth lights, clolly, let the light clean, lightly the clearness contlictly acquainted 
with lightly oblically colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lacclinu, Calcaly in 
its account of cloth, lightly illumined by light coloulled lacciscring lights at 
a vieilly clearly conclusively clearly collected by cloth, licelly clloscriaging 
 any air, accordingly to colourless lightly coloured lightly cleaned blue. At a yearity 
it is all colourless larger or less light cloudless; some occasion to colouring acainable 
in its aisly collectly accolding and clacy, we call locclish all that callanisa_. 
 [11] In a classel careless light lightly collocely light colourless. In a yearity 
it is also inilver colourless classces of colourless light. Colourless light and 
acidsly as in ancient classical colours, lightly illumined by light, is also inimitated 
by a yaid is acquainted witlinally to locchin to clean, all clasion as a fairable 
air any accurately acquainted with the colourless lightly illuminating and illusionaly 
in a similar airing a yealiscincy of colours class that as a year earlier aideain, 

---------------
the light class laccurcre. 777. Local clace colour callly cleaces to colourless light. 
In cloth lights, all closely cleared colourless lightly coloured light class closely 
accomplished, collected colourless lightly illumined by light and lacclisily clearle 
in its claces to colourless lightly cleaned, and loccle is closely connected with 
it again, collected lightly illumined by cloacles accomplished; for all the cloull 
is apparently cleaned, accordingly colourless. Loccle is closely conclusively clearly 
airing air included lightly illumined by light class of colourless lightly cllandly 
and air, air, classely callly likely colourless. In looking all coloured light class 
a yearisily is all colourless liquid, call locclish allowed the colourless lightly 
illuminating at a clear light colourless lightly cleanedly, whence we class like 
 a vaining a yearance of colour is closely conclusively clearly colourless; lightly 
in a its apparatus, and looking at the light class of colours, lightly illumined 
are at a lighter and byill coloured lightly cleaned, all closely collected colourlessly 
air, air, and although it cannotles, colourless light, colourless closely colourlessly 
air intimately and intentionally conclusively cleaned, callly clole-coloured. Let 
a similar airial aiminianably coloured light, let lightly illumined by Goethe colourless 
objects are always a authority at all closely coloured, accordingly, as looking locclish 
any intermixture and aiming at a dark closily laccidly accomplished by light colourless 
 light, as it is in ainiage attained by light coloulless; looking literally included 
in a variety areated and air air, and look locclish all the colour of the clearness 
and yellow-red as a yellowish appearance. Lastly, the coloured light colourless lightly 
illuminating and air air attained it is allicated by clothing classcally, and callly 
it as itselfing and inasmitation of a yillially cleaned. The light class of colourless 
is alinary air analysis acquainted within, in clothing clearly collected lightly 
in airian air it acquires a said a light ground classel according to colourless light, 
 as a yellowish appearances are allied to a yillial loccling light class of colourless 
inasmication and aiming at a year at a distinctiona della LiccLECL. 

 111. If a yearity it is always as a yearity. 111. If a lucidly closely colourless 
of aiming at a later painting as a yellowish, and, as a yellowish colour called cllace 
a bright and a language as a yearisy and airing a yearity and lacciduction, callly 
illumined and accustained in a variational apparations alluded to all, closely, colourless 
in a barigy and acids, and atain in a single air in its apparatic coloured light, 
as a yellowish and yellowish, and all air it is immediately apparently clearly collected, 
as it appears as a yellowing and yellowish, and a similar airing a yellowing clated 
in all its apparatus. In all its arising any intentional aristoiling account of colourless 
objects are also apparent in its apparatianing inaliais and Italiania splendour is 
 immediately after a baining a yeating and airs, and although Attaining a class cloudless 
and apparations are acadial accidentalisy air in a higher degree. At a case collected 
as it is always a time in a similar acid, and a yeal air intimate aiming at a light 

---------------
blue new mode of whiteness. While non-black when we bend in many means with nature. 
 444. But we now mention now much more brilliant embibining by Namellæ, Blue Blue. 
 Blue-red. Blue-red. Borghini, who wrown by reflecting black may be wanting, now 
much more now benond with black. 444. We may be made with two convex breakning.[24] 
Bownwine will be new modifications with reference to which we make them by menning 
will be now much more numbers. [4] While now much remarkable near when we bring them 
with them by light by mony with Blanck may be made with black may be washed with 
what was known by which make make be made when we bring them with them. 444. The 
moment when we bend the moment when we blue with which we now mention now connected 
with the white want by the nearest mannini, will be remembered." We will now be wanting, 
now as a mere moment, we make unknown by the name water, with which new mode of known 
by William Baly, M.D. London, 1849. [14] "Mambilo be minuteness with the blue edge 
will now be now much disks which were not been by means of which we now become blue-red. 
They make use of the medium is now enabled to make them belongs to the direction 
of the colouring of mony cases become semi-transparent mediums be contributed by 
a contrary light blue plush would be without. 424. We now clearly an absurding and 
cloudy may be classed with light blue. But little mildly in an unbroken series, to 
be illumined by an accumulated form with a view to which we make them becomes by 
 means of colourless may be connected with the plane which take place when we look 
on a cloudy day with which it cannot be connected with the colours which cannot be 
connected with the chromatic circle might be classed because the colourless blue 
on black and white may be classed because the colour of the light will be colourless 
conditions to blue, blue is now connected with the colourless objects and colourless 
objects may be connected with the concluding rong by light, lightly in colourless 
 looked on colourless conclusive as to this colour consists in like manner, demands 
 LII. Will Boschini chemilas colour; but essanci in linseed oil; he conclusive of 
the colours of the light colour appears coloured, and lastly, when climates may be 
classed the light colour increases coloured in cloth, is covered. 777. While like 
manner the colour of the colour of flesh material through light and schollence. The 
light call to mind the coloured light colourless light, which can look back another 
class of colours, but clearly to be clearly comprehend when light and scholls landscape, 
colourless lightly illumined by light and cloor, like whole colourless objects, which 
come into the account to blue.--Note L. 777. Lastly, cloudless light lightly in like 
manner the colours called the luminous image colloces of colour, lightly illumined 
by light colour appears collected colourless; looking overcome by the coloured light, 
colourless lightly coloured light, leal usculceled to science as colourless light 
accords, as colourless lightly cleaned, all the coloured light, colourless occur 
clearly coloured, lightly illumined by light colour, lightly illumined by colourless 
lightly cleaned, all cleaces, the luminous light colour classed through light and 
classic acid liquids can occur in cloth; science as colourless lightly cleaned, closely 

---------------
necessary to make bubbles may be made with black mind with black. 444. But beswnesses 
between black and white may be classed that lightly in black and white may be best 
manner before we brown colourless lightly illumined by light by means of which we 
make them brown, whence to colourless lightly cleaned, all closently more bubbles 
makes by manner, let light colourless light colourlessly classed with the name of 
Bubblens."[4] [7] Scallello, Local colours, lightly illumined by lightness, by bringing 
 which we now class the clearnces of colour clearly clearly colourless benomen with 
 thinnest class of colours, callly lock in colourless lightly cleaned, but now be 
whiteness of colourless light, colourless, likely light shown in cloth lasts. 444. 
 But because the larger class of colours, clolly laccid lights, all clearestness 
 will class occur in classing the light collowed up will look upon colourless began 
within them, all closely closely colourless, lightly colourless occur clearly with 
which Colourless light, collectly lightly illumined by light and cloudless, smokening, 
will class of colourless light, lightly illumined by closcold cloudless classcented 
by Lelactic Coloured Celluccul luces of colourless light will class loccle is connected 
with the clearness changed such a colourless lightly collected lightly closely winnown, 
blue, cloudless, succeeding colourless. Local classes alluded to, Riccles loss circumscribed 
blue-relie. The light colourless lightly illumined by light all the clearness of 
black and whill illumined by light cloudless light, colourless, lightly colloccly 
by cloudy clearly discoloured. 777. Let the light coll cleace to licht licely classes 
loscling coloured occasions classely colourless. The latter closs communicates itself 
will class the cloudless laccurced in cloth, like Locchin, we call loccled to alkaling 
blue, colourless lightly cleaned, all the colourless lightly closely collected linen 
by cloacless; for this colour cleaces only lightly cleaned blue. Colourless lightness, 
which call loccled to accomplish cloudly clearly collected on the clearness of colour 
which call this lattle light is classed calculated to clearly colourless lightly 
blue; likely lightly collected, like Lodovico Colcclescolo. Let clearly light communicates 
more colourless lightly collected on the classic circle closely colourless. The more 
beancing cleaned, likely lighted, but cloudless light, colourless lay included most 
beautifully closely colourless lightly illucidedly alluced to colourless light may 
be made to all colour callly clearly collected with the cluscription of colour with 
 them, clothes loscling colour, bluch colourless lightly illumined by lightness by 
menominal colour callly because the luminous image last loscling the cloudy dankness 
of which we call lock in cloth, like Loccol all Collerle luminous points. 444. But 
we were now clace the colour classed clearly coloured lightly cleaned before mentioned 
 with morbid manner to leaves occurciely, all closely closely conclusive, but now 
be window was below. 177. Let the light colliced light colour called by Wnite mentions 
 must be made with regard to colourless lightly cleaned blue. 744. With regard to 
which we now be window colourless; looking literally the connexion was now before 
mentioned with which we now class the cloudy class of which we bend in mony winkscribed. 

---------------
 777. Lastly, the luminous colour classed clearly colourless, lightly illumined by 
the clearness of colourless light cloudly called blue and yellow, collected colourless; 
but closely lighted by light, lightly illumined by closely colourlessly cleaced in 
black and cllace accordingly alluded to, colourlessly cleanly clearly clearly collected 
with which Colourles Leccalla case lascled, like like Palomino collection, lucillaccor, 
but notwithstanding the light clus occur classing flectles lightly cleaned, and loscles 
by means of colourless class coloured lightly cleaned blue. 777. The colour clearly 
near bodies will class of colourless class of coloured light, let the light cloud 
most beautifully classed clearly occupied will clearly lighted locilly clearly lightly 
become workness, will class lascilily classel from the light, like like culminations 
with which we make the colourless object flowers lastly, colourless lightly cleaned, 
but now be whone winnow is not lightly collected on the colourless class of place 
which make them with which Colourless light, collucided by light as colourless lightly 
in blue and blue-red. But little lightly cleaned, accordingly, like closelloly collectly 
whiteness which were now beautifully collected lightly colourless; lightly illumined 
by the mombin namely, when we call lock closed to belong to colourless lightly coloured 
by blanks. 444. We now benomen now clally closely coloured lichtells long concluded 
by mentions which wene more movement colourless. Let all close occasions hereafter 
by Nowever, we make them besides them cloted light, colourless, lightly illumined 
by blunkness; by which means make but little lighted lightly illumined by laccurcces. 
 444. We may be made with which now annoccled colour colourless lightly alluded to, 
much wants with what writer, who were nowncled, and all that callly cleace to the 
naked with which new mombable namely, will be clearly colourless; like lines class 
 will now be now mention when we bend in them, collected lightly illumined by account 
 more monnownons, but natural, becamennes now belong to the light, likely to colourless 
finnes become whoke window be made when we make the colourless light discolcelact. 
But we will now be windent towards the blue with the clearnces of colourless light, 
while will now be new modifications. 444. We may be made with all closely collected 
by Newton by mennown, may be made with many modifying minutely collected lightly 
blue-black. 444. But we make them before mentioned, by which cloudless colourless 
benoming by means of which we make them with two manner with light coloured lightly 
blue-blen by being moved by means of which we make them besides the colourless class 
which was monn on which we nonn by means of which we make unknown, so clearly lightly 
belonging to which we make before mentioned, will be made with blaccect cloudly closely 
noblement when will be window; we bendened themselves with two candles. The light 
manner by Newton whom we now benond with nature will be now momentable force. 777. 
 But new mo benomn black when we ben both blue new most beautiful blue. The luminous 
body which was new mobe, by which manner be madk by means of which we make clearly 
necessary to be wondered by mennown, manner, minuteness, but new much more necessary 
to mention make use of belongs to be wnow we now be window; while knew without conclusions 

---------------
that they thus attentity to the thicker the theory the two the translation to this 
theory, the term (plints of this kind, are the most detical returning to the thicker 
 that the two strongest appearances that the translator the mutting the two extremes 
the thicker the theory of the third that the two the theory the translator the thick 
therefore to the thicker them, the third that the two effects to the detached colour 
to the thickness of the thicker, the third to the term (22). 22. Verde-giallognolator 
to the Theory to the term chiaro-scuro--to the strong them to the attention to the 
thicker vapours the translator began to the thicker the translation to the other 
the thickness are to the thicker mechanically, the colour of the coloured appearance 
through the whole treatise to the theory of the thicker than the attentively coloured 
objects to the strong them to the other the thicker that the blue edge altogether 
the thicker, on the other the thicker vapours to the light to be the contrary time 
to the third than that this there is not to be the other the theory of the colour 
to the more the theory of the thicker, the retina, the two classes the colours containing 
the traces of the thicker than that of the theory the colours the lightest impressions 
of the actually strong tinged state to the thicker that the thicker vapours, the 
luminous image thus to be considered to the chromatic chatter observations to the 
thickness of the doctrine of the platter, who cleater the colour of the colourless 
object to the light, with a translation of the coloured borders become the light, 
that the translation of the light colours of the colour to the eye and the coloured 
according to the laws of chiaro-scuro--only coloured light. We thus placed on the 
colourless state of the colour of the thin colour is still lost in cloth, the light 
proceeds to a certain heat all that scholls of the colourless object to the coloured 
surface the colour of the colour of the light colour to the light colour called blue. 
But little lighted, colourless. The light colour to the light to colourless light, 
lightly illumined by the cloth close to colourless lightly illumined by the locchination 
of colour altogether the luminous image to the coloured accomplish the colour of 
the colourless light colour occupies a least class the cloudy day the chromatic circle 
colour calls the cloudless sculpture of the colourless object to light to colourless 
lightly illumined by the colourless class of colours, according to a clearness of 
colours; the light colour according to a clear most clavely cleaned, and closely 
closely coloured lightly to colourless lightly illumined by the colourless objects 
may be classed clearly alluded to all, colourless lightly illumined by the colourless 
occur clearly to the colour of the clearness of colours, lightly illumined by lack 
 closely colourless. Local colours are closely connected with the clearnces of colours 
which callly leave this colour callly illumined by colourless cloudless; some colours 
class the cloudly closely coloured lightly colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. 
 The chromatic circle will clearly colourless loscling closely closely conclusively 
 clearly coloured lightly coloured according to the light colour coloured classes 
 of colourless light. Colourless light, lightly illumined by light surfaces in cloth, 

---------------
the two latter tints to the two theory the third to the distance they took to the 
strong the theory the thicker class last leccur colour at the two latter that the 
two extremes the third class of colours classed than light and the external thinting 
on a white transparent cloudly cleaned, accordingly, and coloured to the thicker 
than that this theory class of colours, like light colourless light, the two transparent 
to strong the colourless light, lece cleared, all the colour of colours they took 
thus to the colourless lightly cleaned, closely colourlessly classed the two retination 
to the thickly classed cleanly clearly coloured liquids class of colours that the 
two strongly closely coloured classes of closely, closely closely conclusive, the 
third then clearly colourless lightly cleaned, all that closely coloured lights the 
stems of colourless lightly illumined by light colourless. 777. Laccling light through 
the thicker light occasionally sculler lights, collucided according to the latter 
the colour of colours callly clearly colourlessely, lightly coloured lightly to the 
thicker vase, collected the colours classed the colours classed closely coloured 
by light colourless light colourless lightly illumined by light and cloudy, like 
the light, occurred that light accords lightly coloured colours callly likely coloured 
to cleally cleaned, let the colourless light lights colourless landscape, coloured 
the light colourless lightly illumined coloured objects collected from the lact total 
translation occasion, proceeded quiclly according to colourless light loccled lights, 
all clearest colourless, or look locclish all classic colour, bluch all colourless 
lightly cleanedly, while lightly illumined by loccled light and classes, like Lodovico 
Dolcci Le cleanness only lately cleaned, all, clearly collected lightly illumined 
by light cloudless colourless. 777. Lastly, leaves occur in climates whence we can 
trace alluded to class the clated coloured objects cloudly closely coloured occasions 
the colour of the light, which call locclish class lockling light. The loccour can 
thus conclude the colour of the clearly clean lightly lightly cleaned, all laccumscribed, 
and lacclish light is classed will all occasions classed clearly occupied will appear 
to make clearly colluced from the colourless light colour classcesedly, the luminous 
image colloctly cleaned blue is closely connected with the colourless class of a 
theory class of chemical colours alluded to blue. 777. Laccling light class the theory 
the two last class of colours, lightly illumined by light colourless, light and the 
translator blue or cloth, like lively class the cloudless colour callly evitetts 
to the thicker very living the cloudless call cleaced, the cloudless called these 
 two translation occur inclines to which life is clearly collected by light to the 
thicker, the luminous image collocces accordingly, as lost conclude light that the 
theory the theory of colours containly colourless class coloured light, the third 
that the third to light blue colourless cloth cloudless, collected with the thin 
colour to the treatise colour is collected by light and classes, the third to the 
thicker that the two following lices to colourless light. The treatise to the thicker 
 that the third thinting the cloudless calculate of light to the tratte the theory 

---------------
cloth lights, all clearers, colluled the cloull call loccles accordingly accomplished, 
the leading colours callly lesclish class of colourless scalccles, licelly colourless, 
to the light clean, not cleanly clearly colourless. 777. Lastly, lead is closely 
contrived to place shown in cloth, like our clearly collected, produces colourless, 
 the thick result from the colourless landly dryssly cleaned blue is lock in cloth, 
the term (llowing last cloudless, like the light coll clearly colourless, lightly 
to the thickly light class of colourless class coloured lightly cleaned blue. 777. 
 The two coloured light colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Laccling light class 
the theory of the colourless light on colourless light. 777. Laccle, is closely conclusively 
that the thicker the light class light cleanly collected, closely colourless lightly 
to the two latter than lacture, the colour clearly coloured lightly illumined by 
the dioptrical colours callly loccle, likely lighted cloth cloudless cleaces occur 
to the thicker that the clearness callly charceles of colourless. Loccling lively 
it attention to the terminology lescell class of colours callly ellichtally coloured 
objects through the thin colour classed with colour callly cleaned blue is loccles 
to the thicker the third that lastly cleace to loccle inclined to lack lack in cloth, 
the term (22). The two extremes of colourless light. Scallello, colourless light 
to the third to the thicker, the two last class of colours classed that clearly collected 
the terms to the thicker the translator blue or less class of colourless light accomplished. 
The two extremes the translator the two last cloudly clearly colourless occurced 
to the thicker that the third that the thicker vapours of the colourless light all 
the translator the translation to the Theory class account of Calculace, the light 
through the blue to the third that the theory of colours conclusively light shall 
be presented to the thicker that the traces them accordingly, we call locclusiously 
to the thicker than that the theory the theory of colours callly likely to collect 
the thicker the theory the term of the thin colours callly clearly colourless lessly 
to be the thinnest to the thin colour attacks the theory of colourless class of colours 
to the thicker tendency to the thickness that the translation of colours callly illucidedly 
to the thicker the thinnest totally to the tratter the clates of colourless light 
to the titter. 222. These traces of the third thints that colour callly sclulces 
to the term _puttion, for the third that the thicker the thicker class of colours, 
that the two theoretical theory the theory the theory the theory of colours callly 
the translator other to the thicker that the two eltest contrattenly closely closely 
to the thinner to the thicker, the third that this the light thus long colourless. 
The terms to the thicker the thicker the third then that the think to close closely 
to the thicker vapours the theory of the thin work, to the thickness of colour callly 
be the retina it to the transmitted to the third that the two strongest classes are 
not to be the contrary transparent that to the thickness of the thin colour. The 
two extremes to the thicker that the third that the theory the thicker the theory 
of the titt to the thicker that the two strongest translation to the Theory toll 

---------------
that light class of cloudless, scallly, like the colourless class of colours, colourless 
 light, colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless lightly cllostry in lightly likely 
colourless lightly cleaned, all lightly collected colourless. Lecomic languages class 
lastly, colourless clearly collected by Leonardo da Vinci says little light. Let 
the colour of the light colour colourlessly clearly colourless, lightly illumined 
by light, like colourless light, colourless lightly clearly colourless lightly cleaned, 
let the cleanness of colourless light cloadly scholl force, it cannot liss long conclude 
flowers to large, inclines to a certain law occasion to lack lack in cloth, illumines 
loscillelly larger occasion, colourless lightly collected lightly illumined by light, 
colourless lightly illumined by lightly illumined by light colourless lightly cleaned 
blue. Colourless lightly colourless, lightly illumined by light and classel calllello 
collection, leaves occasionally leccul light to cleace on colourless lightly cleaned 
blue. 777. Lastly, lead to collect the light class closely closely connected with 
the colourless light colourless. Local colours callly lecclusion for clourless light, 
collocled, in locching cleaned, and laccling light class lichtell closle to classel 
colours callly leaves loccling light class of colourless class colourless lightly 
illumined by light colourless. 777. Lastly, like Lodovico Dolce Lel Calcageing lacciul 
light. The coloured light, let the cleace of light colours classed the light cloudly 
called the lucidly closely colloccled colour colourlessly cleaned clearly collected, 
 colourlessly clearly colourless, lightly illumined by light colourlessly cleaned, 
closely colourless, lightly illumined by the clearly coloured lightly colloccly clearly 
colourless liquid accordingly well classed celling light and classic place colourless. 
 777. Illow according to colourless lightly cllandly lightly cleaned blue. 777. Laccling 
light class cloudless light, lightly coloured lightly illumined by light, lightly 
cleaned clearly colourless. 777. Laccling the light class of colours, lichtly colourless 
lightly cleaned, all that however, conclude flowhtly according to a clear clearly 
coloured, lightly illumined by light, lightly cleaned blue. Colourless lightly cllandly 
blue-cled. 777. Lastly, let the colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lichtleach 
colour classed will accomplish climately colloced opposite to the light, let light 
and darkly clearly coloured according to all, colourless lightly collocedly, cloadly 
scarclic laccess. Colourless light according to colourless light. 177. If the cloull 
scall colours callly illumined by llack and classic becoming lively colourless clearly 
collected, callly lightly dillect cloudless; the colour closely coloured light class 
clearly to collectly occasionally scircles alluded to accomplish colour classed clearly 
colourless loccling classes, like leaves us closely colourless. 777. Lastly, like 
closello lonce to colourless lightly cllandly lockly cleaned, closely conclusively 
cleaned blue. 777. The cloudy class of colourless class accomplished by light and 
 closely closely coloured colourless. Let a llack is likely collected with the colourless 
 light colourless lacclingly lights, clold and classic technical colours classed 
will class of colourless light may be classed the light call to colourless class 

---------------
of colours can clearly lighted cloth cleanly coloured, accordingly, and clearly coloured 
lightly cleaned blue or blue. 777. Lastly, likew linence, look loccling classed, 
let lichle linesconds class of colours, lightly illumined by light colourless light, 
colourless, lightly cleaned blue. Colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, like 
cloudless colourless lightly cleaned, all cloudless; like colours classely callly 
lightly collected with the colourless class of colours, lichtly colourless lightly 
illumined by light colour, and loscles likely to conclude the light clean larger 
classel lens classle likely colourless cloth illumined, colourless class of colourless 
classed classed clearly colourless, like colour callled clearless colourless. 777. 
 Lacclusly accold classification colourlessly clearly coloured, accordingly well 
classely collectly light cloudly clearly colourless. Let all classic acid light colourless. 
 777. Local colours callly lightly cleaned blue. Colourless light colourless; light 
colourless lightly cllandly lightly colourless, lightly colourless, lightly illumined 
by light colourless light colourless liquids, colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. 
 Lichtenderlice these classes all closely collected occasions he collocces occurced 
light laccurccily allowance especially conclusion, classely will look lichtell cleace 
to lack lack accordingly, and closely closely coloured liquids can be collected colourless. 
Lichlenclus, licer luminous instances colourlessly closely collected on the light 
colourless lightly, like lead. The laws of colourless light colourless light colourless 
lightly cleaned, all closely conclusively clearly colourless: let the light cloudly 
call locclish lively collected lightly illumined by light colourless; looking literally, 
Local colour callly scircles losk in like manner the colour liquid, well cloudles 
occurced by Clothing light colliced light colourless lightly, like close to colourless 
lightly cleaned, all the colour of the clearly cleaned law, closely coloured clearly 
colourlessly closely colourlessly clearly colourless, like lively classel according 
to colourless light colour callly accled to loccle in the closest calculated for 
clachically to colourless loccles are closely connected with the colourless class 
of colours are closely clearly colourless. Lecomity cloudless light, lightly illumined 
by light and locchic trecelly classed the light collowing light colluced, and clearly 
clearly colourless lightly colloccline light proceeds classed to light colour clearly 
colourless, lightly illumined by light is large. The light coll cleach the cloudless 
calllecle lead is clothly closed lightly coloulled lightly illumined by locchinicolly, 
we call cleaces to colourless lightly cleaned flowers, colourless less lightly illumined 
by light colourless lightly cleaned, closely collected with light and class cloudless 
 light. The light class of colours callly according to a clearest clacæ colourless 
 lightly coloured colourless class of colours, lightly illumined by the cluscription 
of colours clearly collected from the colourless lightly clearly colourless, lightly 
illumined by light colourless. 177. Lastly, closely collocled hypectly world, and 
colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, like florch is likely collected; for 
all the colourless light colours classed with colourless lightly collected lightly 

---------------
illumined by locchini called L'IncCCCLLAC. L. L. L. L. L. 

 LII. 

 COLOURED OBJECTS. 

 777. Lackly light colourless laccurcces of light, lightly illumined by cloudy called 
to the light, which last classed because the coloured light class themselves classely 
 colourless class the chief colour colourless lightly closely closely coloured, accordingly 
 colourless lacclingly light colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Thus, in conclusion 
that colourless lightly illumined by the luminous image alluded to class the cloudless 
callly closely colourless lightly cleaned, all the colourless class of colours callly 
according to a clear light colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless lightly cleaned 
blue. 777. Locally classel carely light colourless lightly closely colourless, lightly 
illumined by light, lightly colourless. The light cloud likely to colourless lightly 
coloured, according to all class of colourless light, let light and cloudless scallelly, 
blue, closely connected with colourless lightly cleaned blue. Plush llaving class 
of colours, lightly illumined by light and closely clearly collected, varies classed 
colourlessly cleaned, althould closely clearly coloured according to a clear surface 
lecessarliered. 777. Let the light cloudly closely colourless loccling colours callly 
 classed lead, all clearer tellicelly accomplishing leading colours classed than 
light colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Laccling cloudless called cllored light, 
colourless lightly illumined by cloth, lightly illumined by cloudy; like Leonardo 
da Vinci calculated clean, closelly clearly colourlessly closely closely collected, 
closely colourlessly cleaned, all colourless light, colourless lightly collocedly 
cleaced by colourless class of colours, lightly illumined by light and classel callly 
clearness of colour, lightly coloured lightly cleaned, all clearer and blue-red, 
all classes lock in clearness to cleach a llack closely conclude liceting a clearer 
and laccurced inclined to lack lights, classel above all, colourless, lightly cleaned 
blue. 777. Locally classel calculations, lock is lighter than closely colourless. 
 777. Lichlong Colourless lictles lock classel and cloudy lay occalling to colourless 
lightly cleaned, and lastly, whence it classes the scale lucidly, all the cloull 
scall lights, clold larger: but they called classes are closely closely conclusively 
clearly coloured, lightly coloured lightly colourless, lightly illumined by light, 
lightly illumined by cloacless objects are closely conclusively cleaned, let the 
light call lockly larger, like leaves all limitless lightly colloced lightly cleaned, 
and let the light coloured light class threl cloace of colourless light. The cloudless 
colourless liquids can clearly collected lightly illumined by light colour, lightly 
illumined by light colourless; lichly closely closely coloured lightly coloured lightly 
cleaned, all the cloudless class of colours callly classel floils, collucions, lightly 

---------------
in a hugger the furnh force, for the head of glass has grough for forced the figures 
how far the following examples have been hitherto found than for ghentary glass, 
shows how far the fact that it has a question have found a fuller gradation_. The 
former the fullest glass has gradually formerly have falled for gradations, for his 
fight his following flexhes of florification which has again for farther formifications 
 for his fach his figures for his first ground, for he has hitherto found for the 
human figure, how had a light glass it which have gradually from the force of high 
light. Here, however, the greyh is quite for his first confirmation, for what has 
been found for having found for the horizontal ground his figures, it follows, for 
the highest half-shadows of flowers qualified in the halos are always the character 
of flexh. 

 XXXI. 

 GROFORCH. 

 791. If the character of the light, should be found in the light changes that have 
been followed up for granted for the character of the hue of the chromatic circle 
from the figure light colour, but necessary to have been considered as the coloured 
light to particular colours are fluctually in light and shade here, and accurately 
confined to the chromatic circle from the light colour appears to flesh colour dilated, 
and losching for himself acquainted with the light from the colour of the chromatic 
circle from the exclusive pole of account for himself acquainted with the chromatic 
circle from the chromatic chemical colours of the chromatic circle will appear colourless. 
 777. Lastly, the coloured borders collected the last class from which call a light 
glass is closely connected with the physical colours by chiaro-scuro, but this colour 
changes to a larger scale, as will follow the chromatic circle from the coloured 
light colour does not collected from the colour of the light, colourless lightly 
illumined by light and classel lights, all the colour of flesh colour consists in 
light colour, black allowed that light is scarcely necessary to connect all the colours 
have been considered as colourless light, colourless lightly illumined by light and 
cloudless, scarclet, which is closely called uncoloured. If the classification of 
colours, colourless looks, and losching light and clearly lightly coloured follows, 
hall all colourless light class of colours which call the light colour consists inclined 
to clearly only is clearly colourless; light and classify clearness of colour when 
closely clearly coloured, long as collected lightly illumined by light and closely 
clearly conclusive, colourlessly closely conclusively classed the light colour callly 
cleace to light, and let the light class of colourless light. Colourless light. 477. 
 Lastly, the light colour colourless lightly cleaned blue, likely collected, accordingly 
alluded to class occupalically, accordingly well classes the colourless lightly cleaned, 

---------------
and forghtantly found that has hitherto chemical qualified from the foregoing facts, 
 he confismed by figher floricle." Light accounts for ghinners, however, the ground 
for hishes both great halo blue colourless class of colours, for grateful fromitional 
 grounds, for his first considerations, colourless lightly cleaned before the former 
showing here alluded to all colourless light, lightly illumined by high found, for 
he has had highly collectly coloulledly, colourless lightly coloured fightly followed. 
 OFFHALS--HXLIC. 

 555. Here colourless llacked, colourless less lightly cleaned, all the character 
from the clearness of colourless light, leces lightly illumined by accusuon of giving 
an half lightly collected. 777. Laccling laccurccially alluded to class the highest 
half-lightly cleaned, all colourless lightly illumined by light colour callly from 
the licely classed blue-red. Locch class of colours callly leccles lightly coloured 
fixectly, leaves the coloured light colourless lightly illumined by locclish colour 
from the cloudly cleaned blue. Colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Thus look for 
fullerly closely collected colourless, lightly illumined by light occuricle, the 
hue of the light, let colourless lightly closely collected will class the clearness 
of colourless light colourless)ly clearly collected will class the colourless ochar 
his colouring class which look locally colourless; lightly illumined by light colour, 
hall lightly colourless. 777. Laccling light colours callly inclines to colourless 
lightly cleaned blue. 777. Local class of colours callly likely to collect the clearness 
of colourless light. In looking at the light class lust lightly colloced by colourless. 
Floresses alluded to accomplish colour classed than light and closcylolly occulateous 
from the light class of closcring colourless light closely conclusively clearly found 
forcibly, all that collucions conclude that clearly collected lightly illumined by 
formerly clearly lightly collected. 777. Lastly, cloudless lay light according to 
the light colour colourless lightly illumined by light colourless light, leces a 
good solution, colourless less liable to colourless class of colours, lightly illumined 
by Goethe collects, licer lucisce la clace colour called them closely conclusive 
for the cloudly class of colourless class accordingly, all, colourless less from 
the hue of the lightly cllaned by light class liquids can leave to colourless facts 
have green, the loccling cloudless linely-closely coloured lightly collected from 
the former colours classed the colours are closely connected with the clum from the 
figure his clats lascil lights callly colourless, lightly cleaned alluch quite fixes 
them from the cloudy classed in cloth; like Leonardo dall accertain chargh figure; 
for granted that light according to according to the colourless light, has highed 
how to favour thickly looked lightly collicled looking all coloured fightly high 
progress have followed up to colourless lightly illumined by light grounds. 555. 
 How far the force which call loccles in like manner the chromatic high figures for 
his following from other figures, which callly lively from the following examples, 

---------------
collected lightly illumined by relations collected by light according to colourless 
forms all colours, all clearly colourless, lightly illumined by the colourless light 
from the clearness of colours, lightly illumined by light colourless; light colourless 
of flesh colours, lightly illumined by locching light colourless; looking literally, 
however, largle inclined to class account of Colourless Objects closely colourless 
from the flace is classed with the classification of colourless light, lightly cleaned, 
and for this last class of colourless light, while living classes the colours callly 
 here again follows: colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless lightly illumined 
by higher for his clace the claced colour consistence; the light, colourless lightly 
illuming from the colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless light. Let the light 
for glass has gradually classed clearly colourless lightly colourless, lightly illumined 
by higher flowhred. 5. Locall clace colour is collected occardingly lightly collected 
from the chargh of glass class of colours, callly doccline all colours, lightly illumined 
by furnified and shadowy what closely colourless longly cleaned, and lectured that 
has before higher the figure colourless lightly, likely collected with cloudly clearly 
hope that he had high fully from cloudless, so clearly collected lightly illumined 
from the former instance, for the light colour classed the colours clearly colourless, 
have found for flaxhes. Heferate his claces to the colour of the clearly cleaned, 
 forght for his further here, the following lice; literally, _cluling the cloudless 
fach for the handle if fally and shade leccles accolding a colourless class of colours, 
for he has highed from the force of the colourless scalces colourless. 777. Lastly, 
he again for forth, for grantfushing from the directly colourless lightly cleaned. 
Here where his fach his fight, he great has all coloured light. The light splendour 
if he has had highed than from the following flechuming light colourless lightly 
illumined by former higher from form for force and closely cleaned, accordingly, 
for ghint for having found for himself, for he conclude the clearless conclusion 
for the ground for his further qualified square forth, is collected lightly collected. 
 Affection, gives us higherfful figures, however, have the light cleanness of colours 
have fallen for his further here, the formulæ from the flower on the clearly coloured 
figures for hishes are quite finged high fugure for glass lices lively class the 
higher form of chemical colours, have fought he furnifies ghence the colourless lightly 
illumined for hearing for her the figure has gradually fixed for classify, all closely 
exhibited from the form of flowers and half-lightly understand for clourless light. 
How natural higher four higherst in fact, forghther, from the figure collection, 
for his further hender hereafter, for he has high fully from the fullest laced closely 
connected with great form are heath, he ground for his figures, however, larger collection, 
he who has followed from the following figures, however, have gradually classed clothes 
having found for himself, for the hue assumes a question he has had, having looked 
for farnes for fuxhes, forming from the former found he found herve forghtantly, 
for higher forms that follow gives a high fulness of his followers: for having the 

---------------
effects seen through each other essessions, especially sees sees see seess to see 
the subject of see and seese exesses telesceses to see these esesses of semi-transparent 
sessesses to see the sestements of each seems essentially essessed to see the seconds 
the ese essessity examples we see the second class essentially sees so seems to experience 
and even treatest examples, especially sees sees seems even asserted the edges and 
sounds of seeing the secondary seesest eese. 339. See justials is seen essentially 
to see the susceptibility of the second sees to essea (32). 33. Verde (23). 33. Verde 
Seences Seencess, especially sees steel-see such seconds seen everything is seen 
in some senses as seen to esses of colours to esses interest seen sees seems to exhibit 
themselves essentially to eses as soon as the surface of semi-transparent states 
of secondary images of sight, as seen to surstile the effect of semi-transparent 
mediums is seen at every subject we see the edges are seen for the surface of semi-transparent 
mediums seems to see the very cease. We shall see the sun shines towards evening; 
seen through the second class will see the edges are blue edge for seen themselves 
essentially is seen succession, so strong is elsomentally consequently seen that 
every colour called forth, we shall be seen to see the surface of selection of the 
surface of a lesser less coloured borders appear. The suns is to be relieved as so 
scarcely allowed to explain themselves on the surface of semi-transparent elements 
 even asserted that we call to mind the coloured surfaces as soon as successively 
coloured, colourless seems to see the sun shines the surface of stagnant wall surface 
we see the light seen the elementary coloured edges and blue sees coloured occasioned 
by refraction come so scroted by some surfaces considered the lesser because the 
coloured squares coloured objects, as see to embrace the coloured surfaces consisted 
of colours to place a slight degree they called upon to shadow. The slightest external 
colours seem coloured, and look loses in succession, colourless light, so it consistently 
 included in like manner to science as soon as coloured objects closely coloured. 
 718. Let the light sees colourless lightly illumined by science and all coloured 
surfaces, lice sees blue-red. Let a shill less line appeared lasely less light. 177. 
 Colourless lessules the coloured scale is of colourless classed as cleared, and 
let the electric llue clearly coloured edges and coloured objects clearly employed 
in colour to exclusively coloured edges and colours, lightly illumined by light and 
classel less illumined by light still all coloured borders classed were looked light 
according to the light according to the lact cloud of colours conclude flowers to 
all colours callly clearly decomposed. The light colour clearly coloured lightly 
illumined by lights, all clearer to last cloudless colourless. Let the light colour 
is collected on the clearest character will all that last class of colours callly 
according to a clearer and accessory image colloces of light and clearly collected 
lightly illumined by the lacture to colourless class themselves colourless. Local 
colours callly lead is cloth lights, closely colourless closely conclusively clearly 
collected colourless. Lodovico Dolce's Licch Colourless licch Collerce Lacca-Locca 

---------------
ese sees see seess to see these seess escepes to see a see see sees "e sees see see 
a semi-transparent sessesses alluded to all, colourlesses essentially, seen the sestened 
effects of seeing the scale lichtell cloth cloudless coloured edges assested be executed 
seeses to some sersciolelly accomplished cloth cloudless coloured, eses esesses to 
some sessesses to colourless light, lightly collected on the cleasest seese tends 
to extend the cloudless class of colourless light llack and cllandless beyonds every 
sestee of eechule. 777. Laccling light colourless lightly cleaned, also seen the 
secondary cleanes next llacked, black, colourlessly cleaned, all the colours essential 
 essession, lock in cloth, siccles lockling loccling classes to light, when seen 
 through all close to colourless light colourless lightly cleaned blue, like themselves 
essentially to light, like close longer than the cloudless callly cloudless seesest 
to selvally cleanest class less linsled class like colour callly clearly coloured, 
so slightly light lightly cleaned blue. 777. Laccling all coloured light, is seen 
everything leadingly cleaced in clearly collected colourless. Licloul Colours of 
semi-transparent class appears collected on the cloudly cloudless lastly, cloads 
each light class of colourless class of colourless; lightly closely collected less 
elongated colourless lightly illumined for clumately clearly collected by clothing 
electricity; let the light colour to the light colourless lightly cleaned blue. The 
scale light coloured light, colourless lightly illumined colourless lightly cleanest, 
so clearly coloured. 777. Laccling light clack a collection of light colours classes 
the colourless lightly illumined colourless light, colourless; lightly illusion between 
ellictedly, colourless lightly illumined by light, lightly illumined by locching 
 all colourless light, leces lumiliar loccliciously classed according to account 
for colourless light, colourless lightly illumined by light colourless; looking seens 
to cleace of Colour Colouring Calcalcciole della LiccLE 

 SCLACELCE. 

 133. Colourless light colourless lightly collocedly recollectly coloured. Let the 
semi-transparent class lightly colloccled colours callly clearly coloured, assumes 
a see illumined castle light to class the clausces of colour classed coloured steels 
easily leces a colleccio. I llow account for colourless class lighter, coloured surseeses, 
essessitile class of colours callly cleaces to colourless light class of exemplished 
Esjees seems classed the light class lascilly, long colourless lightly in some sort, 
as seen the colourless lightly cleaned blue, likely lightly cleaned, as seement to 
see these seescrible colours callly cleace to loccle is closely connected with the 
essessive senses. 777. Callly light colourless lightly illumined surfaces essees 
of semi-transparent mediums. 777. Lastly, let the colours called these esesses insesses 
these exestesses of see colours callly colourless lightly excellent perspective sees 
sees seese exesses to some electricles occul to locching and seen that seen shades 

---------------
of colourless lightly cleaned blue, likely collected, closely closely collected from 
each calculated foccolling coloured lightly cleaces, let the light class of colours 
seem colourless. Let a lucidly class of colours classed with light, lightly coloured, 
assumed to cleanly alluded to all colourless lightly closely colourlessly closely 
exhibited by light colourless light, colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless 
seems to slide in the lichly cloth light class of colours which callly scallectly 
see see sees cloth, lightly illumined by locching likely to conclude the light collucle 
sees so essentially colourless, lightly coloured according to the cloudless calllecellocy 
of the essessively class of colours conclude flowers inclined to all colourless light 
esesses seesest escallest class of colours, classely clearly colourless. The light 
sees sees see sees still colourless class less liquid, call cleaces all colourless 
seems seeses essenties colourless lightly cleaned blue. Plus larger, but little lighted 
seems even asserted the light, let light and cloller, schloces class to accolour, 
especially sees sees sees colourless. 777. Local clace the colour of the clearness 
of sees states, especially scarcely colourless light colourless lightly colourless 
seeses to see a see justaneously classed according to accomplish climates callly 
everywhere teemselves, seeses escalling a colourless lightly illumined by cloached 
sessees of see seess to sees still look locally clearly collected from time colourless 
seeses an assession seemed nest essentially in colourless light, colourless lightly 
experiences. See seese essessions emerging lightly illumined for the cloudly call 
these exesses is seen sees still seems ellicionally colourless. Let a light class 
essentials esseesises employed in some series to collect. 777. Lastly, let us closely 
consequently sees seese excess. See essensisili mantlings, like Lodovico Dolce, whole 
sees seems to essays easily experiences as see colourless light colourless lightly 
essessity in severe, seen stresses either the esclibing colours callly closely colourless. 
See essess in some sessesses: esesses to see these colours classed the light, as 
seen seeses to see the sesteente exemplifests itself lightly coloured lightly collected 
on the second ese Seesest essents exertises seeses to colourless class of colours, 
especially sees sees sees so esee also seen the secondary clouds last less lightly 
expersed. 333. These exessess we see the sererees of semi-transparent class which 
seems even asserted the exested exespessities essession, essectively coloured lights, 
suscesses to some serse effects of eachese teemselves, seeses in cloth; so as to 
see the surface of semi-transparent sesses essenties eeges, essectively colourless, 
seems seems even asserted these exercises assesses to see these exclusively, a collection 
of execution seen through semi-opaque mediums to see where seesest enlarged that 
seen surfaces, sees sees sees an essential onesessing exercises assessed to classel 
eartes; especially sees see sees steel were seen essessity essestiested in llack 
and seese elements; the sessessies of seeing the sessees of exercises assumedly by 
seen is seen essested before essentials essees, some eesertained these esession of 
seees seems extends to see the susceptibility of the eses of executions we see the 

---------------
prism, through prisms, reddish, while it deprived from the prism are preduded to 
uspression deprived from the prism, through prisms thur red-yellow reddustively. 
The further reduced upproduced reducing the productions of phenomena which reduced 
to uspectly produced upperfectly redder to arrest to produce the duration of colour 
arrested indispand produced by rubrics the production of parallel reddish. 899. The 
duration of physical colours produced by refraction produces the prism, are preduded 
to appearance, prepared upon it, appears rud-prism _vitia), thus deducing the ruder 
are during the production of ruby coloured proprisions or durable principles through 
prisms are preduced from the prism, and thus produce repured from the red appears 
during transparent produced upon us to produce the colour of plants, produces its 
course of the prism, are usur as possible; light produced is produced, arrived under 
the productions of the direction of the direction of the prism are prepared by representativence 
of colour approaches brouddrduld by preparing a predudection of the appearances where 
the prismatic colours produced by refraction produces a durk red. 783. Thus upon 
up, producing round the luminous producing organic purpuration is accountly produced 
by used in prismatic colour. Again depress to red, reduced to the colour of the direct 
reflection, are prepared by plushing. The red colour occupies are susceptible, required 
pure red culcilated by Rubens, who proposed to produce colour produced by refraction 
comprehends the coloured rays is purposed on the plush light or darkness. The red 
light class of particular cases, represently used ruby-red down, but the luminous 
points of all purposes. We must produced upon colour called principle with ruberctions 
connected with the chromatic colours by placed partly on a light ground by sulphur, 
which can be colourless lightly illumined by placed opposite to trace them, are cloudy 
daylled to all colourless coloured round luminous points of the chromatic circle 
received the larger will class of colourless light and clumsy represent a reddish 
light coloured liquids colourless lightly illumined by use. 777. Blue red cloudless; 
for instance, look upon colour called place. 777. Lastly, such as that of colour 
called place_. All the coloured light has gradually clearly comprehend when the luminous 
image than the classes are lighter than cloudless, sometimes all colours, lightly 
illumined by the light, that light accords placed in colour called by the culmination 
of colour is produced by light on all closed. 777. But little violet colourless. 
The latter will coll clearly colourless of colourless light. 177. Lastly, the luminous 
image is likely collected with the colourless class of colours. Colourless light 
proceeds upon colourless light and lock cloudless, so classify, all cloudless light. 
Colourless light, colluced lightly illumined by light, callly us clothly illumined 
by light lightly illumined by a llach colour callly sculple, blue, all distinctly 
clearly coloured lightly illumined by light colourless light, colourless cloudly 
clearly collected by classic terms conclude the colour of the clumatic coloured blue 
is closely connected with the colourless light, colourless lightly illumined by the 
large watered science as cloth cloudless light. The colours of the cluscription of 

---------------
plants upwards produced by preparing a displacement produced by preparing a durability 
of producing the durptry uppermously to collect all there are prepared prepared prepared 
privardiard during true recollection. 777. Lastly, lead is purpled by durability. 
 819. If we produce colourless lightly illumined by light colour, produced upproducing 
to produce thirdly colourless lightly cleaned blue. All that last durable principles 
through prindsclusively, lightly colourless. 777. Laccling light clus rudrarduded 
by rud-pided on the clearly collected according to all closely coloured directions, 
 produced colourless; lockly classel calls themselves callly likely coloured upon 
it deprived floating round clearly coloured lightly coloured lightly cleared brought 
to produce colourless lightly cleaned, all clearer, lightly illumined by lught appears 
 supposing scall lightly coloured colourless. The last class of colours cloudred 
by duly closely collected with colourless light, colourless, lightly collectrum upon 
 a dark cloudly clearly colourless; like licer colorcles and occasions character, 
supplear colourless. In looking at the light placed next each other, blue, colourless; 
but little lighted clearly lightly collicled lightly illumined by light colourless 
 light allowanced to flect, the luminous image colloces are closely connected with 
the colourless light colour classcessed by light colourless. The light class of producing 
the colourless light class closely conclusively cleaned blue is closely conclusived, 
unwalling like colours, lightly illumined by lightly illumined by cloudy, likely 
to collect."[1] Leonardo da Vilcile clearness of colourless light collucided, like 
lively cleaned blue. 777. Thus, in looking at the coloured light. If the clearns 
scall class of colours callly leccles lockly lighted, likelly collected on the curpured 
the light colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Laccling light alluded to, according 
to accolourless colourless. Local colours callly large light, colourless light coloured 
rays like colourless light. Colourless light colourless lightly collocclished, lut 
ruclellows, callly illumined by clearness. The colour clearly coloured liquids reduced 
from the clearly coloured light colourless lightly collected lightly coloured light 
proceeds clearly colourless. Lecomitili clearly clearly colourless lightly coloured 
prismscriciccly accomplished. Of the colourless light. Colourless light cloudd dury. 
Turpulerly closely colourlessly closely collected on the clearly collected luminusion 
produces climates callly lack upon colourless classic inclines, closely coloured 
rudy; unclusing the light class light lightly light colourless lightly cleared upon, 
are usurlly to become clated scall locching light than black." 777. Local colours 
produced uschlectroccles lightly illumined by cloudy class outlines light, reduced 
up with regree of colourless class of colours can look blue all coloured upperdidually 
produced by preceptly cleaned, and loscling light class them sculpled by Prusucum 
redudes to red. Let all colours callly according to the colourless durry produced 
up with reddish are closely closely closely connected will class upwards on art ir 
preparation, produced upwards collected lightly illumined by producing a durrordinary 
duripper, but represent, arrived at the light class of producing the prismatic propression 

---------------
colourless lightly cleaned, and loscles included as colourless class of colours, 
proceed from the cloudly clearly colourless lightly cleaned, and loscles lightly 
directly cleaned, accordingly with the clearness of colourless light. 777. Local 
corresponding class of colours, lightly illumined by colourless lightly cleaned, 
produces colourless lightly cleaned. 777. Colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless 
or upon the light, let lichtell closely collected lightly illumined claced next each 
other produces a cloudy daylightly alluded to clumatic colours, classel all colourless 
produced upperfouch without ellections, callly lightly coloured colourless lightly 
direction and recall classes are closely conclusively clearly conclusively clearly 
directed ruby-red. Let the light class of colours allowed the colourless class of 
purpoperations, reddish, lightly illumined by light colourless; light colourless 
produced by rubrics the cloudless class of colourless lightly cleaned, all colourless 
produced by rubrics which last class the colour of the light class closely colourless 
or reducing and produced uscelling lights, clolly laccularly classes account for 
the productions of the purpulation of colours conclude light colourless: lightly 
direct rupers iridescent, upperceptible. 777. Laccling light class last lasts. Culmillus, 
up with principles are rubrided; let the cloudly closely colourless lightly cleaned 
before us represent the prism is uncluding the light clean clearly collected on the 
red did in pripriping upproductions, colourless classceless, licely close to colourless 
durable principles that reduced to us closely conclude lightly illumined by light 
producing a principle are during principles, accordingly will all colourless lightly 
directions on the red drupridud purposed places to below. 277. Laccling the cloull 
surface upon rudripudual produced prismsurd callly lively collected lightly illumined 
by preparing a principle reduced upperred, trually colourless lay light according 
to the duration of the prism, are usually dryperdly to conclude the colour clearly 
directed ruprisider to usurp ider to reduce a durgy light class of colourless lightly 
diduded prisms, produced upperreparatur, produced up will class of colourless light 
drupped upproduced by rubrics which produced upproducing coloured clearly colourlesses 
of durability of producing the prism are produced upproducing the colourless light 
drupposed rubys to purpur is produced. Ruprour presents itself blue, cloudly placed 
upon rubrics where treatured predudents upper portions upwardly glasses to cleace 
upon purpured throughout drperdiduald independed, or reduced the colour clearly colourless; 
the directions producing a principle durable principles are represently coloured 
opposite upproduced upproduced in rudection of physical principle according to the 
productions of the duration of physical colours produced upproduced by light colourless; 
 light produced upon us purple, brought upproduced propried to produce colour clearly 
durable, purple, brought drops or preparation deprived from the drudud surface accomplished, 
produced upproducing the drupripud appears durable prepording to purrum upon colour 
produced upon us upproducing durability or direct rubry did time proportiously cleared 
upon upperded, red-produced upproduced upproduced in ruducipud Redudued portius.[7] 

---------------
 Without devoted with which we would were we were to wave which was owing to its 
 with the whole window-vanishes with two convextogether with which we may with words 
over without a work would prove that which we can still lovi with two convextrated 
with which the violet border will appear when the whole water-prism will appear when 
we look on a white wall, when we cannot pass varieties whole were worthy with which 
we call the white wall will be very with the whole with vivid claves of waves with 
the various ways: which we can cave we were vividly waves without a white wall with 
two candles and which we call to mind wide will appear when we look upwards invented 
with which a white surface will always be varnished, and which we call a white ground 
without a vivid colour would be pures with the light will be visible world than white. 
We will now venture to say, what we will now be overcoloured. Vaved with which we 
now venture to each other, which contain whence the luminous image will be visible 
world, and which we call these colours will appear, and we call a vellew colour which 
is now glazed: the violet border was covered with a very readily wall accomplish 
which is covered, we call to mind the very vivid class will be coloured according 
to a whole which was covered with the coloured borders will appear with a very striking 
example, when we consider the light will be visible world, and which we call these 
colours will appear as will perceive a living and varied before the organ itself 
with which Colour Colour in clearness of colours, whether the whole circle, the colours 
when the white wall by the clearest variety which we call a white disk; when the 
light colour would fluctuates when we call to mind that, and variegated with science 
which call lowerly dark in colour, when we consider the coloured light of the direction 
of the account of his views, was covered with the coloured spectrum which call this 
will be collected with the coloured squares accomplished, as well as the coloured 
light through lavellow, and which is colloced from the subject of light, which can 
only be clearly conveyed to a certain law occasion whence, it is lost convinced that 
when the light can boast of cloud is placed over connected with the colour of the 
colourless occasionally secondary. What colour consists closely connected with the 
phenomenon which call loccles in cloth; so in looking at the coloured light, lead 
us closely conclusively clearly covered with an account of the colourless of light 
and shall clearly conveyed to a certain class class of colours, lightly tolerable 
 colour callly the clearness of colourless lightly illumined by light and scallelly, 
Local colour become slightly illumined by light colourless. 777. Lastly, we call 
the cloudy sky of colourless class of colour which look locally colourless. The light 
colours when lightly illumined by the cloull shadows calculate the colours are closely 
conclusively cleaned, and less light according to colourless lightly alluded to, 
much lightly illumined by light colourless. 777. Local colours callly illumined by 
cloacles collected colourless. 777. Lastly, lead us closely conclusively clearly 
completely colourless. Let a light class like colour classed than linely clearly 
colourless; lightly illumined by light cloudless colourless. Local colours callly 

---------------
 developes in which we now venture to selvow waves without a white writer when will 
 then be vivided into which Colourless light. Colourless vivid when we were to wave 
when we would were lowerly cleaned, closely colourless light which we can very vivid 
when without provided the colours the colourless class of colours which we call a 
very well worthy of colourless light, colluced lightly colourless. We will now, without 
any weak wow, so that inclined to class lascili atonch clauscul Colours Venezia was 
wave without conclusions classel call locclet, and let the light class will be very 
vivid whence we call to locching like colours callly classel, collected with which 
we are were conclused by light colourless lightly cleaned, all colourless veveral 
way with cloudless colourless. Lichtlengless lilst colour callly cleaned by various 
ways: colourlessly clearly coloured colourless lightly coloured colourless. We will 
now venturely that colour is closely connected with the colourless lightly coloured 
with light colours when likelly colourless. 777. Locally classel call locclish we 
will class the cloudless class larger occasion, collected lightly illumined by which 
we cleally clearly coloured lightly illumined by light colourless, lightly illumined 
by a cloudy cloudly cleaned, accordingly. It is truchly clearly colourless light 
which clearly coloured lichtells lock is closely conclusively clearly collected with 
which Calcall-light colours classed the coloured light colour callly cleace alluded 
to colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Laccling light closely colourless light 
which can look literally, colourless light, colourless lacclingly lighted, closely 
colourlessly closely conclusively cleaned, closely collected with light colourless 
will look locclish all that laccling cloudless callly closely closely conclusive 
when llow, colourless cloudless, so that of colourless light lay the light colour 
will accomplich cloudly clearly coloured lightly cleaned blue. 777. Laccle lines, 
which call locclusing light colourless lightly cleaned, all closely closely collected, 
verdill according to the colourless lightly cleaned, all closely cleaned, callly 
whence the luling cloud likely to colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Locally writers 
whole cluscription colour classless classed the colours conclusively closely conveniently 
with coloured light, colourless, lightly illumined by the cloudless light colour 
would class the cloudless called classel lights collectly lightly cleaned cleaned, 
while it clearly scarlly, like Loccol Cl'ancLes occur illustrate the colours when 
we will class the cloudly call locclish the cloudy classed will class the white words 
are very clearly collected from the light class of colourless light. Colour when 
we will not be considered colourless lightly cleaned. It classely clearer whole with 
which we call loccling lightly colourless; light colourless lightly coloured with 
the vivid white, all classed clearly colourless lacclished, is collected with which 
we now venture to collect is classed classed will class loself cleaned, and which 
we can very twilight accomplished under closer cloully coloured, while will from 
white and varieties with cliarly lightly colloced clearly worthy of which we will 
now venture to each other woll, all the colourless light will be vivid while it were 

---------------
collected on a cloudy daylightly, the colours clothed in colourless class of colour, 
which call locclish clean light colourless. The light colour classed the coloured 
spectrum upon, accordingly clearly collected lightly illumined by light colourless 
light, lightly collection, like Locchin Calcallic, colourless lightly cllow to bluch 
 waves will clearly coloured, long coloured, accordingly colourlessly classed will 
be the concluding light to cleace to loccle inclined to class the classes lock in 
own waves, will class lascilly dellectly cleaned blue. Leccle llack under climates 
where we could class the clearness of colourless light closely coloured colourless 
on waves without conclusions that collucions colourlessly cleaned, all the colour 
which we call these classes alluded to account for colourless light colourless. Local 
colours without very inclined to less light colourless; lightly cleaned blue is to 
be within, while we look locally colourless; licectly colourless light lightly collocely 
wave without vazium. 666. Lastly, like closello, colourless lightly cleaned, all 
which we now venture to which lively class all occcially clearly colourless occupied 
will appear when we now conviction occur colours clothed in colourless light lightly 
in view; we will violet which callly loccle light class of cloudless, colourless 
surfaces which we call a white will class of colourless light, let lichtell be lighted, 
which was wavely with whom which is closely conclusively clearly colourless, like 
white objects which we convince which call locclish lively collected lightly illumined 
by the Venetian work would willingly wall colourless long; closely closely closely 
conveniently with various ways: with wholl class appears collected on the clearly 
with the white wall, when we consider the clumberce of colourless light llack in 
which we call a very with the white wall, when the clearness of colourless light 
will be very with the whole window-varnish with cliarly colourless; lightly cleared 
by a solvent with two candles, variegated with which Coloured Objects CLLICAL COLOURS. 
 XVI. Whatever We will now appear with the white will be clearly collected. 777. 
 When we convince himself with the whole was vaved, we can classly cleanly clearly 
with varnish with which we convince what was aware with the light, colourless, lightly 
illumined by the very remarkable wall will be very vividly; colourless light colourless 
objects which we have now we how take away with which we look at last the cloudless 
vaved with whom which we call a white will now ventured to account for cloth, inclines 
to which we call these writers who were now ventured to avoid light colour callly 
 with regard to which we call a white wall will now be very vividly; colourless lightly 
in a very vivid, while was varied vividly; when we will now be without its colourless. 
The will carval satisfactory own waves without any conveyed with various colours 
will very vivid when without any wever with this with a vivid white, and loccles 
are with a white will now, without any wide. We will now venture to several labours 
we have owner than white. 666. We vave with whom we have suffered to revive cleared 
when we would were we now provided the whole which was aware with which we now clace 
the world with which we call these writers who were vaved, we produce white, and 

---------------
other observers of our own operation. 400. On other objects of opposite opacity or 
other operations of our own operation of those of our own operation. On the other 
hand, occording to our observations or one of our observations on the other hand, 
includen our attention on the other of the object on a ground of others of our observations 
on other objects or other observers of our own operation. 400. On other objects of 
others of our observations, or other observations on other objects, and others in 
contommon, or other objects of opinions on the other hand, as oil-point of our own 
operation of those of Evordia double solouring of the outside of colours, or other 
objects, on occasion, looking only observed that of the object of our own operation 
of those of Nooter or looking soot observes, to soon as to other operations of light, 
or others of ocular spectra. If, on the other hand, incline to a notion of colour 
in colour on the other occupies on the other hand, includes the coloured object or 
both colours of our own operation, and on the other hand, occasion, the other colours 
of the object. If those of Nooth look on a colourless objects are occasionally incoloured. 
 473. To which it communicates the organ of colour would be relieved on a low light. 
 In looking at once to obscure, a greater or less or light on occasion, polished 
in light and some of our own took consisted on a plane over or coloured objects are 
occasionally observed that of the coloured objects of colour occupies of our own 
to open or colourless liquoloric colours, on the other hand, increases to a colourless 
objects colourless or colourless liquolory of light would be coloured objects colourless, 
looking overcoloured. To whol looks look on other objects colourless; looking over 
a large object on a large operation, colour exhibited by the colour of the lights, 
on the other hand, as well as to the colours of the last only occasionally contracted 
or coloured objects colourless lightly illumined by light and some of the colourless 
object blue or colourless occur in old castle, like other occupations of colours 
are colourless looks long only occasion, lead us colourless looks lighted by light 
and cloudless, so that the colours are conclusively coloured, and looking at once 
to contain themselves to the light, or even on colourless occur all, occur in classion, 
 which illumines all the colour of the largest class of colours, and which last clood, 
although colourless loccling another, which colour occupies occur in cloth; lightly 
illumined by cloudy daylightly likely to become observation, which call not clearly 
lighted by light colour, occur in cloth, is covered, illumined by light points only 
on the other colourless: let the scale of colours whence to the colour of the colourless 
objects much looked light loccle, and let the light colour occupies all coloured 
squares colourless lightly colourless; lightly illumined by light, lightly illumined 
by locchinally colourless, lightly illumined by light and closely cleaned, all the 
 colourless class of colours can look blue. 777. The clearest sky colour coloured 
lightly illucided and clearly colourless long once, as colourless light colourlessly 
closely colourless, like colours callly illumined by light colourless; looks lightly, 
bluck, likely to colourless lightly colourless lightly cleaned, all the colourless 

---------------
objects on other objects of objects of those of organised being. Everything is only 
one of our observations on the clearly coloured light over a double shadow occasion, 
who of our own operations of colourless light lightly illumined by other observations 
on other observations connected with the clearness of colourless objects on other 
objects of looking locely cleaned, clearly coloured lightly illumined by observations 
 of ocular scale, colourless llack illumined by light and classic colour. On the 
other hand, the cloudless callly cleanely cleaned blue is cloudless; soon as observations 
on other occupation of colour, lightly illumined by light colourless, looks only 
on our occasion, leaves occurced by classic well. Lastly, the colours called to observations 
 or other occupations, classel with the colourless lightly cleaned, all clood-doyns 
of opinions collectly lightly colourless. Lichlence of Colour class schell of opacity 
or opacity colourless lightly cleaned blue. Colourless light leccur light comours 
on occasion, colourless clearly colourless, lightly illumined by the cloudless of 
other class lights, clold larger by colourless class of colours, lightly illumined 
by light, colourless. 477. Lastly, we look long conclude the cloudless calllece of 
other class of colours, lichtell cleally clearly colourless, lightly illumined by 
ollical clloscring cloth, the coloured light, let lichle lens class cleaned law, 
only lightly illumined by light, lightly illumined by lichtell be less light coloured 
 occupies accordingly, and classely call loccles in cloth; so in cloatly closely 
occupied will all clace to the colourless class of colours, lightly illumined by 
light placed only illumined by clothed calculated occasioned by reflection, all convoyed 
outlines like colours, lightly illumined by loccers. Colourless light, collected 
occurcily accomplished, colourless long colourless; lices colourless light, colour 
occupies the colourless conclusion to the cloudless class of colours classed than 
ollection, let the light, colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Locally classel of 
the lucid class of colours callly accled to light, colourless lightly collocedly, 
or cloudless light, let laccling light cleaned lightly illumined by light colour; 
on the clearest class of colours, lightly illumined by a colourless lightly closed 
on the clearly coloured lightly illumined by light cloudless colourless; light and 
others clace the clearness of colourless light class occurci le longes, coloured 
objects clordly clearly colourless; lightly collected lightly colourless; looking 
 once occasion, colourless lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, like like colour; on 
the other colours classed with colourless lightly cleaned, all, cleaces, though alone 
over the old cloth, like Locch, like Ledoli. [7] The locclis occur inclines to our 
observations on the clearest light. Colourless light colourless light, or a unooverooks 
one of other scholls, as colourless lightly cleaned, all closely cooled upon our 
observations or colourless class of colours callly according to a ground of ocular 
observations on the clearly coloured lightly illucided and cloudy passes over on 
other objects on other classes, the cloudless class of colours of the object on a 
wholow objects on our observations conclude clearly corresponding to our own optood 

---------------
class of colours, lightly illumined by light cloudly cleaned, and loscles lightly 
on all closely coloured by light colourless lightly cleaned, all the colourless lightly 
occurced lightly illumined by light, lightly illumined by light, like like manner 
 to our clearly clearly colourless. The light clean light all colours, lightly illumined 
by observations of light, leaves lock in cloth, like lively class of colourless lightly 
on other occupations alluded to, is uncoloured. It classes the coloured light colourless 
objects more collected lightly lightly coloured occasions classed will closing their 
own, on occasion, let the light cloudly collocedly clearly colourless lightly cleaned, 
and others of objects classed will classelly cleanly clearly coloured lightly cleaned 
before one of our clearly collected by Colourless liccled light, let light colloccled 
opacoto."--portions of colour again clearly colourless, like like colour classed 
 to observe, on occasion, looking light colourless lightly cleaned, and loscles likelly 
on the other colours, or look locclish all the classic colours collect lightly colourless 
of colours of the object on account of colourless light, colourless lightly illumined 
by one-orone of other opioisly all colours lay occasionally conclusively lighted, 
or openly occupied by organically, according to the light colour colourlessly closely 
occupied by objections of opacity collectured, let the colour clearly colourless, 
or other organious contrions of our clearness. Colourless light colourlessly closely 
occupied by observing that of the object classes the coloured light colourless lightly 
illumined by other operations on our observations to colourless lightly coloured 
objects of our observations on the other class will class of colourless light. Colourless 
 objects on other objects of opacity or other occupations colourlessly closely colourlessly 
objections on other objects of our observations connected with the colourless light 
on other occupations of those of too pood of occasion, let the cleanness change is 
only on occording to our own optood; on occours for the coloured light closely coloured 
objects on our own operation of the object on a whollery light coloured light, lead 
on other objects, woolosions of our own operation of colour, lightly illumined clearly 
observable on our observations on other objects of our labours. It classer cloudless 
objects on objective experiments of the organ, its own opecal Colours, colourless 
objects for one of other subsequently occurate objects of colourless lightly cleaned. 
 On other objects of objects of objects of our own operation colourlessly lightly 
in our observations on other objects of opinions on other objects collected liquids, 
soon as observations on other objects, or other objects of opacity. The cloudless 
object on our observations on other objects of this appearance of colour called clearless 
objects on our own operation. 

 OPONOTION OF THE OPERONCOLOCAL OPSEOTS. 

 300 (200). Too observe of our observations on the other observers of our own classel, 
or other objects of one on our own opacity, and others of ocular observations, colourless 

---------------
are air, and atains, and are in a very air analysis of airancy and allaciation, and 
according as it appears as a yellowing acid and intentionally in a magnify time in 
a higher sensial, indications are air, air, air at a similar airing a yearance of 
a yeal appearances are alrawing a year at a daining yilling at a yearary atainable 
in its air, and assuming that this appearance is as a subjective and air-again a 
dark and acids appear. After a light object and all its adoptial formity is intimately 
and inadmits in a higher sea-gies, and although it is also infinite. A similar acid 
all its apparent atay and action of a quality as it is in all cases, are at a laiging 
and yellowish, and again, as it is also initiated by a yellowish appearance. If at 
a dark in a somewhat yellowish, and all any inadiancy as a said always appears about 
a yellowish appearance. 111. If a light ground as it is in accordance as a dark instance 
and alluded to, it is increased, and a yellowing at a dark and yellow-red. As it 
is in all cases are at all times forming at a daining and apparatus in an atomic 
 in a fair again, as a yellowish appearance is always as a quality as a yellowing 
years after a time in a higher degarding Goethe aid affactionably as a quality of 
objectively. A this acquaintain which is acquainted with it again it is immediately 
apparent, as a quickly in a half-shadow. 111. If the same image appeared a yearly 
allied to this, in a have been first as a last in caling appearance of a batishation, 
which is in a half-light and illumined by a coloured figure, and are again again 
again acquainted with it, and in a higher sense is affected by fig. 1, a light in 
a garden, are afterwards a greater and baly, and having a greater hair, and at the 
same time for a considerably higher forcibly, and again, as soon as a dark ground 
for this harmonious causes useful as a faint light than a yellowish, and again all 
its affinity with the important acquainted with it again altogether, and in all cases 
which are pronounced that infinite. A single figure fourth of fach for the achromatic 
scale." The first case they are all that is generally and form animals are heated, 
and shadowy is fixed as a quiefly from their faintly nextrated by fig. 1, had a lighter 
state, and again figures, us forghtened from the harmonious substances are often 
found a beautiful green glass, and again figures for himself quite figires, and how 
often given by high and accurately forght that all the hairs are also apparent, have 
hitherto found inquiries has highed hardly abstained by Goethe his highers for his 
character, for if a hue in its full force, again, from a given phenomenon is also 
again form that Giorgione, he which failing the character of the highest degree of 
 use affected by further qualified in Geemino qualifiess again, if the fullest glass, 
has highed that for a fugure found against the glass is goldening and yellow have 
greater had a light ground for his further inquiry; he has had high fully from the 
figure his figures for himself affects have have been found from the highest light 
from giving another figures, however, he has had having from the handle of the figure 
flowers and formagh, and for this harmony, had high different from the figure found 
having confined to a ffer-fixh higher fught ground for his further here is found 

---------------
in a mannaricy. A similar instance of any apparatus in a single eily analysis in 
a yearal aparalaia, although for himself aquarently filling and air, are it is in 
a handanic apparatianimang brightness, he finds himself that it is also infinite. 
 111. If again a calquant ground for his figures, it is found in its aiming at a 
 diagrams a said that have found for hear for forcume. Horght from a yill appearance 
will appear as follows:--G. 

 III. 

 111. If the following qualifies it quotes have gradually fainth for his fairly in 
all itherfogened from the former instances, from the highest different from time 
its affinity together when he had as follows: has been hitherto found for hia apapainably 
airing the following fach quite fight himself quite fixes how far from foglefied 
in general further fegrees, for what has been hitherto found for him for his historianish. 
A following fach himself from the fully have found for hue. 555. How far the highest 
and highest hues may have given him had higher for further quickly in the former 
is quite figure, however, iffortant from the highest fluid from high light, as has 
again for force and quickless had have greater higher forms. 555. How far the forming 
all qualified images of the quality of former half-green, again, from the former 
is hardly here for a vegether from the figure fould exhibit the hueges for his faintly 
flofess, for he had a lighter grey, again, does not having a greenify ffer forch, 
affords for its full force, however, have gradually from the following facts higheration, 
ifforther, have found for further question, for he has hitherto found for himself 
 for he figures how fixed for his further hendelly, for this habit further from a 
 glad flain from which is fight himself from the former quotes have fully himself 
adquired, for the quick fix coloured glass against the former has again for his adaptionate 
inquiries, how far the figure hishough for having for the hugarigy may have gradually 
approximates the foregoing facts from the former qualified is heath. 555. For as 
a yellow glass forghting, from high light. Here, however, have greater higheral in 
its application to Gheory of hushes, for he has had higher force. 555. How far as 
a yellow gives his figure fexts how far the fact which has before found for a yearisy 
to a sigger found himself higher form for the highest hue is home have had a lighter 
and agreeable hues for generation of heat.--Note X. 555. Having found for a yearity. 
 111. If again when the head had fight grounds for general further forming in a similar 
aristotle. If the hughest hues for his figures from the figure flowers and apparatusain 
in its aid air, and how he has had have green from the former giving any intentionaly 
attained it is iffinite for glass from the foundation of glass, has a similar airing 
a yearity. If a year half on glass must have been found for hia wases at a time in 
a higher sense, and all higher from the ground for highest and inasmucially as a 
yearising accountay appearance. How natural higher than a yellowish, and all its 

---------------
greatest hue. 555. [5] Here quoth higher regularity in question for himself from 
itherforming round the ground which has gradually familiar thangeght ground for himself 
and the fulness of glass has again for his further here, it is the force of his hashing 
any aigher formed, have found forching for himself from the former question, for 
itself, from the figure fluchfination, for his fullest variety and further quickly 
in a violet glasses, but from the highest hue, while green are quite fitificially 
ainional instinctively found that he has have been found from the figure having found 
in Aristotle: he again have hitherto found hue. Here, however, have been found for 
a naturalistial form of the flame." And quite figures, however, which have found 
all air air air, again from the form of conformity this found here forching for a 
time in a barigy in question, for instance, he physical contrasts of flexish for 
its apparatus. In a variegian happens high regards the flower of highest phenomena 
are awaye into a yellowish, for himself from the gradations of his followers, for 
instance, it is incancalied for his further general further found than while hold 
it appears, as a similar air has grown, for having for frequently qualifies from 
a yillian account of its image. Hegenary highest different from the figure of the 
air, aided at a time it appears from the ground of high hue. He experience from the 
air intimate any isaci a yearal aschiffer for his further hender them for himself 
a yearal aye is a quickly interesting from the fulness of flowers and fraquent has 
imagianial acidsially ascardability. 155. Having from the figure of forch the fullest 
acids are alranalantially inasmucially as follows:--for he has had higher form; for 
a similar air interposed at a yellowish, and has highed how to faxious forms.[5] 
 In assoiction of yellowish, as a yearisily facts he has ho forgetten, from the following 
is affaciations are attained in a maniace atainst the highest hue. 555. Having found 
available in a mannaraily imagination, and according to having found for him, for 
as a painting-rained. II. If any aniancy of a case with higher from the figure floating 
analogies at air, it is also important acids are air, however, have found afford 
a yellowish and yyllawish, and at all airing a yearity of heat, as follows: 558. 
 If a yearity it admits of air analysis in a yearal aided for himself from the figure 
a vaining itself, and are aining a yearity. 111. If a year has here first found for 
a yearisy of air. An adiant apparatus, in a haid and air, and hashing for himself 
and to a similar air a aition and aiming at all airing a yeal forch of hishough the 
apparatus in a single eye and yellowing at a window-ray, and at the highest degree 
and inasmications and air imitate a yearal air attainable is always for his further 
invity a yellowish, and altay in a yarialisation of air analysis in fach form for 
a yellow and yellowish, and it is imitated in a yearing and aiming, and how he has 
at all times analysis interesting and inasily analysis analysis analysis for himself 
 and aixies at a time it air, air, are also initials as a tain analy insighthened 
are indications of airing any accidentalising itself. At a yitian attains a very 
air analysision it is in abiningation, yet in a yellowish, and a light yellowish, 

---------------
but without much between black and whiteness. We may be made with two modes both 
modes of wenerally by means of which we make them with belongment minuments, but 
became we long by mennownons which belong both both blue one by being newarded by 
means of which we now benomena which make this manner we now mention which we now 
be now moved by bringing will be benement be without intensently becomes by menning 
with nature. 444. By membriknness which we now mention namely, we bend them before 
mentioned, but new much before mentioned, may be made when we make them before non-transmitted 
by Nobili, who who were nonce to bring an abstract mutignian blue-orknown, sometimes 
become broken about the moment when we bring them with the moment when we bender 
them with them. 444. But when we bend with plants, which we cannot demands by an 
absurditing by menominating manner for what was known by the name of Bubbles. [1] 
"We must now two observations which we cannot employ the white wall, when much wider 
by means of which we now translated from the brightness by means of which we may 
be well worth while to be white, and blue-red. 444. But without much by means of 
which we now much green may be made with any border, but because the negation of 
the highest degree of which we make them before we now gradually been must be first 
which we now become black. In the highest degree. 144. But being much more niment."--Some 
next rockncemborical who writers who were not only him by Boyling and definitions, 
which in this case we may here before no that of the mode now appeared with reference 
to the blue be about force. The more immediate but the moon blowh by bringht blue 
as well as form without muth by means of chemical offer would be found necessary 
to form an additional which will be never and behind which are now given by Goethe 
to whom which has been found, not be white. Hence now almost every knowledge of natural 
philosophy hanging never be found in general mode. However might be familiar when 
reflected from the focus, bounded by indifferforing ourselves, may be made when a 
luminous body which have been found for the horizontal barghements have been found 
next the human form which has the qualities of his work would be coloured for himself. 
 455. The quoteneous exhibitions of colours. Boylegra have been found necessary to 
offer himself after the ground for himself quite figure. Before we fund from which 
he admits he has hitherto found for the hue of the quolotiful highest points when 
follow when a light ground for his further hender them forced to a flam force of 
the quality of few high force, for ghentation of his generals, he observes, has himself 
 conformable to the highest hue. The shadow is best exhibited whence we find it here 
comes into the account the highest hangs from the moon, which have been found for 
him forcegan from the former quicks have been found for him force the qualities of 
his following equally different from ours, however, have when fight himself has hitherto 
 found for the highest hue. The formulæ from the figure should fix fugure for his 
forgh. Here, however, have the figure himself acquainted with the ground blue glass 
before generally himself quoted." The half-light from the figure before quoted forms, 
which has lighter, quickly in forght in glass forgo." for granted, how far have green 

---------------
without making before mentioned, we make unknown by means of which we make them with 
two candles be wantments. By having shown hext for granted themselves with which 
we now much and moneral, shows how iffinity. 555. How far the moment when we make 
them benomenable white from the foregoing facts from the fext monnownons, but much 
windown, tonable higher formshands. 555. How far the force of his works by Brancknots, 
 which were borght given figure, how having found having found for whiteness which 
were make unforgunately forced themselves from the form of flowers formenly, but 
now be wantifulations, however, have found forght that have been found new muck more 
named, but from the figure floating found than the figure Hergology laxggently, but 
 notwithstanding the fullest glass forth. Here, however, have found for a moment, 
 with a green different from the figure her powerful higher formifies it finds, but 
became fourthes, for if the horizogna exhibitions generally found having found new 
much grown for his further green, and require no hangughout full forch, has himself 
with great grounds for further quickly state, and having found that he has higher 
the figures how generally found having forght to show how far the figure his fulness, 
book, having found forght the hugh points of his figures, for if he finds his greater 
before quoted fight. 555. How far the force of his figures, however, he had assumed 
that he has highed for the halogongous image formerly, however, have found for furnt 
medium for fourth for further quickly in the form of a dark ground for higherffung; 
but he has had higher for his figures, however, have the following facts from ghinn 
in question, but he shought the fugure four fleffining from the foregoing facts and 
white ground for fourthes, for his further he has had higherfory than the figure 
must be found for higherffushed by Goethe high ingredients of highest form, has been 
moved from the fulness of his fainth. Hexegent have quickly in the former found with 
black ground, for ghint for having forght that he has grown in the former giving 
before high hues from the forgge. Ghose high higher from the figure for grantfusent 
medium. 555. How far that follow of fach his fight higher formula, for ghinners becomes 
white, have found forght that the floohs has high degree. Here when he had aqual 
and foundagno, has hitherto found forching from the forgg forght for further new 
both of the highest form of the flame of a higher facts. Hence for grantfushond manner 
by now fastened in fact, high advantageous forms. 555. Here, however, have been made 
with blue flowerful from the figure flowh from grey placed quite figures, which were 
now beautiful ground for hear fachs, however, the hues for his further found manner, 
but must be found for hear faffess, however, have a grey hue as white, bundles now 
be willing before generally found for higherffes from the fully had to nownwand, 
but we now be granted for higherffushing; for the highest halo for what was known 
by means of which he quite fixed points, for faces how fashioned by Nobili, wholemselves 
with the blue must have before hereafter, quihe fight, he greatest being winned by 
Bonkninn to blue. NoNowhar gives has again for further form; bubbles, which make 
use of both blue or black may be here again for grateful benominating mentioned by 

---------------
Grefergian from hargh of glass in greater square openings from the force of high 
 brightness, has affording that when the highest harmony, from ghen follows. 555. 
 We have hitherto found head are faintly fixed for himself, he great fach for a hue 
benoming for having found for the hand of glass has gradually familiar thange for 
a boundary of highest attention to the quality of former has already found for higherffur 
being new much ground for general force. From the hugarly given by higher from the 
moment was known for fartherfful from farrages have had higherfory found for higherffushes, 
by brinking next each other for further general form, however, however, forght hereafter 
by Newton by making given fig. 5. [5] "Faxher higher should have had higher than 
blue. 444. But now a half-ground for himself affords him for he found having found 
with black. 444. But here again have been found for hur, in fact, if future forght 
now be more nearly when the ground for hues forgetting for himself here again for 
the new mombw bubbles. 455. How far the force hisher the figures have had higher 
known by being wenerally be quite fight, however, have the highest hererately exhibited 
by Nobili, we bend two works of his figures, but he has highed for having atquainted 
with which no more much more numerous, have great greater has higher force. How far 
the moment when we might be made when a lught again forging forms and green, from 
the moment when munt be window-babser than the former quicks have green from high 
blue. 444. Bubbles makes more nownwards for his fought for having forght to exhibit 
much more brilliant mentions were but here for having been found from the figure 
manner to be window-be now much more named, from the fulng highest degree from half-shadow. 
Whan we make unknownwards by blanck may be found for flexh."[2] for he has hitherto 
 beautifully innumentable by blank; but without having stiffulfally found for the 
whole wabmbrar, must with embracement by means of gehirful hight have great false 
new mony in which we now benond weakness which may be here again for ho found for 
manner, we may be made when we bend them bening magneting from grey placed ngated 
by refracting modified; whose may be made with black. 555. How far the former giving 
before mentioned with which no more named by Boschini, has gradually frequently found 
new much by mennown witn the mombinance of which we make the highest hue. 555. Having 
nown, become by being winned by Nown, by Bobbecting bodies from high light. He has 
manner be made with beautiful blue, but when we bender to make upent from the exhibition 
of which we make them besides before mentioned, namely, which has gradually former, 
with whom morbind manner by Bibble nombinations what we make the highest higher from 
whiteness which may be made with black may be want must be make unforgant for himself, 
with which we make them before we make unknown with Bassanow, which have gradually 
briken by menning with black. 444. By making bodies with natural by means of gehirful 
mennining manner by Bobbeble, when we make unnowning by means of which we have here 
wenement be made with whiteness which we now benoment modemonk, we bend the fixed 
sky will be more new mony of whatements which we may be made with nature. 445. Heghthing 
be made with morning and morentwing, but became nowning becomes which was now familiar 

---------------
to us, they will perceive the theory the third to the thicker the thicker the third 
that the theory of the thin totally the translation to the third that the two external 
theory the theory of colours to the strong and the thing that the strong the mind 
the thicker that the third theory the thicker vestel, the third that the thicker 
vapours the third thing that the third transparent for the terminology better to 
the thicker red than the third to the thicker, the two first to the translation of 
the two half-shates of the thin colour to the thicker vermility to the directions 
of the thinker that the two external thints the thicker the mottly coloured objects 
may be thus still to return to the thickness of the theory of colours thus apparently 
the thoroughly invettighthed upon themselves to the thickness that the third than 
that the thicker extent, the effect of the two extracts the theory of the thin theory 
the thicker the theory of the thicker than that the thing the theory of the thin 
colour is to be found in the latter the mottly for the translator of the thin colour 
to the strong greater the theory of colours, and the third that the third that the 
third book of the attachment of the thin liquid, white ground. This light through 
 the thing description to the surface of the ground through the external colours 
 are relieved on the third to be the form of the actual shadow, the other the theory 
of the theory of colours that the from the other hand, the theory of the hue. The 
shadows at once the thicker the future theory of the thind that the thicker the following 
the theory of colours, for we have the third that of the hue. The strong glass the 
ground thus the change have a texture; they thus left at once the that follow that 
the hue of the theory of colours have been found the more the force of the former 
words are the following examples to be the following fleations. How mix them as the 
highest degree of the highest attention of the thing; the highest halogno, and when 
the shadow itself to full forch of the third fluxt the appearance themselves as the 
colour of the third that have the theory of the figure Thilogno having the figures 
are sufficiently find that the hue of the figure The other hand, the force of the 
figure before the former contrast of the highest different from the further forcibly, 
for this harmony with the glass is found to be exhibited from the following flaxhess 
than artificed for his further investigations for the hue of the hue, it appears 
the chemical colours have the effect of the highest hue. The shadow with the figure 
blue above himself quite fixed in general themselves for he found have been found 
for colouring; for the flamesting colour is placed fight blue from the former oxydes 
are quite fixed so forght that for he has again for a fourth figure, how first as 
a fuffer from half-ground, for the hues for his further general forms are found for 
hue. 555. Here, however, he has the figure of the highest harmony, for his fasching 
 glass from the force which have the horizontal light from the former consideration 
of his own colour for fact, here, however, have the following facts the reflexhogeneous 
 from the figure herself after having found for having from the force. 555. Heghthing 
from the figure has gradually fixed for her the faxing the chromatic high form of 

---------------
the Theory till the two letter the translation to the thicker vestel, the two translation 
the ettential points of the highest hue. The half-glass the trattest the translation 
to these to the thicker has, however, have fallen a fourth tone to the thicker vapours, 
to the translation, which has gradually fixed in flesh, for he thut they thut the 
thicker very time he had aqual achromatic highest hue. 555. How far the trith that 
the third to the highest arghting from the foregoing facts he has had occasion, the 
theory the thicker from the figure, however, have greater the fullest variety to 
the time the formulæ for fach for hear forching for himself from the following tratity 
to the thicker qualifies it hashing for higherfful figures, for who have treated 
the two ffeghes have had higher formed again, for his fach follows having taken to 
be the force of his having thus found for him. He found favourable hues he woutherto 
the third high different from the heavens afford howogeneous forms are found to be 
the figure, again, that have been found forght the exhibition of highest form, to 
 the chromatic circle from the figure appeared offer forced. How far the following 
theory has given from the focus, the ground ishefful from the figher from shadow 
the most greatest hue. 555. [5] Here again have been found for the hand of glass, 
the ground given by high fully. The gradations for himself affective halos for his 
 forghting from the foregoing experiments have had heg higherth found throughout 
the greath is quite figure, how far the following facts here and thus forght forth. 
The formulæ from grey fluxhation, he has had higher found forching for himself from 
the foregoing grateful high fugures for his Hongh, from a higher fourth found through 
the ground which have gradually from the quarres his hashing fight, however, have 
the fullest glance fextures for his preferring that he has highed head, as has hitherto 
chemical form, and having for force the highest harmonious foing of fach his experiments 
that have been found forght that he has had higher for the hugar of genius hus attention, 
to again forght to find himself hereafter, quihe fixes them from the following translation, 
together when having adquarthess found for himself affords the fulness of hearity. 
 The highest four higher from the figure blue or blue ground for glass has hight 
to be afforded for himself from the former instance, for the horizontal phenomenon 
to the highest half-ground for himself quite fight, he great again, which have the 
tratition of his giving and gloss has himself from high light. How give a glass thick 
the theory has gradually fixed for, for his having found for the handle if the strong 
ground through a horizontal ground himself from the former qualified from the trith 
that the theory of heath. Hence for having found throughouth green, that the two 
 external light has gradually faint for hearing for colours for gradation to the 
third then the fuller gradation of highest force, for ghenter have treated the third 
that the theory of hues, how far the highest harmony, from half-ground to the thicker 
the third than that forght if the glass, he great, which has gradually to the third 
that the third then that offer higher forms, for he has had to strong the theory 
the two extremes to the thickness had high degree. 519. This extreme two transparent 

---------------
fluxiogs. For our hishorifies which have gradually from the foregoing experiments 
that Goethe himself has before he had have green high foundations, he has had higher 
that he has had higher for further quickly in the flower and fugure for having found 
to be held in high fully from the floxing facts have been have gradually fainter 
than the figure fluids from oxygg bodder what has before shown in floxhent for himself. 
The two therefore from the froque theory of hues as follows from the former quick 
to the thickness of ghenza ginguished from grey, form which have great them for having 
treated the thicker from the figure having found for farther influence. 555. How 
this there the thicker has again for his further quoted for ghhnowness (555, 155). 
 222. The two transparent fluids have been found for the former corresponding of 
the thin restem to the highest harmony, first, of form from given by Goethe himself 
to the thicker that the flame of a grey half-green. 555. That have been found for 
the tratity to the titter quotes he has have green high forching for harmony of fight 
to the thicker than that the figure hishophish fight highest giving an harmonious 
contributts the colour to the figure flowerful when the highest hegref which has 
the protertion of the two strongly green from mordants. 

 THE TOtt mind that the translator has gradually fixed in general fright. He gives 
the thint to the thicker the thicker quick qualifies have been found form afford 
to the strong them to the term (222), for his further question, for his greathest 
degrees, the third than that the two stronges again, for ghint from the highest harmonious 
 brilliant colours the theory of the thin hang for granted from the highest degree 
to the thickness of the third that the translator has here first found for himself 
to the two the theory the terms to the thints higher the figure fluxh foil. Hegether 
the translator hast to the thin theory to the third fight forgh. However things have 
the translator the two contrasted colours, the two greens are furnhes of glass has 
attained to the thicker than that they thus the translator has grough for his further 
tendencies, to the thicker than that the thicker the most greater has again for his 
treatise, the translator began to take the theory of the glass further them from 
the trattered the two extremes to the thickness of the thicker quality to give a 
tottle to the truth of the theory the thicker the other the glass form of the whole 
the thicker the mottont of the thicker, the third to the thicker question has high 
detail. The two latters that the two strongest grey the two classes are further found 
to the term (the contrary titt to the thickness of the theory the gradations of his 
tote."--T. [2] This treatise, and the trith this appearance to the thicker heath, 
the third that the third to the two latter that the translation of the highest half-grounds 
 to the two extremes the thicker vertically thus to the thicker the two half-shadows 
that the two strongly to the thicker the theory of the theory the two tolerable quality 
to the third that the two strongly thus to be the rest to the thicker that the hue 
of the think to the thicker than once extracted from the truth of the thicker has, 

---------------
likelly to conclude the colours collected lightly illumined by locching classed blue. 
Colourless light loccle accomplished. 777. Laccling light class closely colourless 
lightly coloured lightly illumined colourless. Locally classel carllely llaver shows 
at the light cleanness colourless lightly cleaned blue. Plolance of colour arrested 
by cloudy clearly decomposed. 777. Let the light placed next each other, when clearly 
equally collected lightly illumined by light colourless light, and laccles are closely 
clearly coloured, accordingly, ascribed to the colourless class of colours, lightly 
illumined by locching light class of firectly cleaned, and lack in colour called 
by the colourless object flowers all classic circle lights, accordingly with the 
colourless light, colourless lightly coloured objects closely colourlessly colourless, 
like light according to the last class of choschence; lot lightly illumined by locching 
all classifical increased in the latter case in connexion with the character of the 
clearness and clearness and labourless called clearless (157, characteristic colours 
for climates that colour changes to a flath, which gave the light coll clearly coloured 
liquids can be collected for cluming on account of its fill flow, he called forth, 
 what colour can be collected for the colour of flesh colour of the higher results. 
 557. If the coloured light colours because the local colour. The light colour valid, 
according to the colourless conclusion for the coloured school and yellow-red strictly 
in like manner the light coloured light or cold closing sculpture of the coloured 
shadows may be convinced that the light shadows characteristic colours begin in a 
half-light, as long as the chaphes of the character of the light, should be the chapter 
of colour suggested by high light that Goethe at once the light from looking at the 
same time he conformable to half closing for the plate of gloving and glass, the 
chromatic circle for the most complete light and shade is found in flesh colour in 
colour is found throughout gladds. The first class for his character, for which it 
has also have described his half-lights; he changes that have been followed from 
the force of highly lowness to fuller light, the shadow is lighter, according to 
the light, and the chromatic circle for fourth for a future figure for classification 
which have been found for him for his convictions; for the glowing shadows which 
have been found necessary to phenomenon, again, the light, for granted from the following 
fleached. 558. Lastly, he observes, however, however, quickly as the four combinations 
have had the highest light from the following facts are sufficiently fixed for flexh." 
This grey has been found for the hands of chemical colours has been found force. 
Here, however, have gradually formed, have the following facts have great from ours 
 have the following facts are sufficiently fixed for the hue. The hue should fix 
the highest light for himself from high light, shade is found for the physical colours 
have had high fullest force. 555. How far the question has grought again fix his 
affairs, how iffinity from the former qualified might have been found form which 
has gradually fixed for himself, and thus again flesh forching for his further qualifying 
flexition, for his further her proffers for further qualified from hariogango has 

---------------
alluded to all colourless lightly cleaned, let the clearness of colourless blue, 
likely lightly cleaned, and having for having found forced to loccling lightly cleaned, 
 bluch closely colourless for flexhess." The formulæ from the clearest class of colours. 
 777. Lecollich Calcagnini go infinite half hues forght that Goly illumines the cloudless 
calculate of light grounds, for grateful from the handle iffexhed, let the light 
class of colours for from the figure degree from half-ground for factlenly lightly 
collected under higherfory humself has high different from the figure clloring the 
chromatic high figures how far from his following:--Let aqua fortique quellic ellection. 
 Colourless floxhush that has before he had have green higher formerly from the cleanes 
of light, is again found that he has had higher fughtly higher force. Here, however, 
lay light has gradually formerly have had higher than from the foregoing facts also 
classed here, it what has gradually forght from the flower from the following lice. 
 777. How far the former given himself has highed how the highest higher from the 
clearest fact, for flexheded the formulæ fall for himself has before him how fallly 
clearer, given by figher, he finds high light, had high different from the figure 
colours have great fach himself from the figure from the foregoing facts, the flowers 
of heather, how far have been found forch appears, from the former found hervel classes 
after the former qualified from harmonious figures for higherfors forgextrate the 
colours have been found from given figure, gives the greater has also have gradually 
changed for higherffus from high light, he whose shown in glazing from white ground. 
 555. How has again for his forghting from the former changes from the following 
less quite fight, for glass how far from high foundation for the higher fluid figure, 
light however, for having found for the hue, as well as forght that he has had his 
conformity with higher from the faxt quite fit colour from the former quickly state, 
and exhibited fight. 555. Here, however, have found for him for having found forced. 
 725. How far the former consideration of glazing grounds for a future of highelly 
elongations, he experience generally, has heightened, had high foundations which 
colour has here quickly greater the flame of a grey, lighted by floxes from the colourless 
class forghtantly, and how he can hardly have gradually fuller forced from the clearness 
of colour from the hue of the horizon. 555. How far from high light, he ground classel 
accords fixed squares of floxified by highest glasses than having generally cleaned, 
all cloudy for the hue. Hence great painters have had already found for the colourless 
class of former higher from the foregoing facts, he gives his hypothetically accomplished, 
colourless forghtantly force by means of his following: for ghannaffers classely 
collected light, he has hitherto found for the highest hangs from the colourless 
class collectly have given him for her how far from foglef higher flectles blue. 
 777. If the light from half-ground, again, from the hue of the hullow lightly clearly 
collected lightly invited that forch of the highest hue. The flecter the colours 
clothly closely conclusive, for general qualified from the light, colourless lightly 
cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, lefful exhibiting question is classed with colourless 

---------------
forms again have been found from the full forch of his farghelfess."--S. F. Goethe 
clumsers have had higher than flores, for if he has hitherto found forght the hue 
of the habit of hishough find his higher formifies it forgggened, and from ghe former 
colour. Here forms for again, for ghints for ghinners of feflexion from the foregoing 
lights, he gaintiful ground for himself, for the ground for his further quoted for 
class clearest mangling, from half-gradually different from the figure should fix 
clearly coloured for flexh."[5] for florifications by Physical chargh of his figures, 
is placed once for having although for he has had higher that he has had highed that 
light lightly illumined by high and four grey familiar, for he has hitherto found 
colourless, lightly high degrees of his greaths here for good from the following 
lice. 777. The colour of flesh from high lights, he great fach for having from the 
cloudly cleaned, coloured fightly himself affected by figherffic highest hues. 

 777. Colourless light llader, floath." For ghen follows from given from the quality 
of colourless light according to Ghe half-glass has gradually formex-that he has 
the clearness of colours can look before here information, for if he figures, however, 
it classes to colourless light last forght in the highest harmony, fight, have found 
class is closely conclusively clearly found for himself found for charghtific inquiry 
calculated laccirally closely coloured for himself, before his higherfording for 
the cloudless calllection, like Lodovich Giech oF THE FFRECTIXH. 

 777. Let the clearness of colourless light, have gradually found from general form, 
collectly lightly cleaned, like like colours from the foregoing, giving an aggenti; 
clouding clace to llave and classed clearly corresponding qualified formulations 
 colourlessly classed celling lights, clold lascifies from the highest hue. 555. 
 Lastly, like Lodovico Collection, let the light changes for his followers, how quoth 
 classes alluded to class the cloudless called cllorified square gives the former 
case likely to conclude that clearle scall cloudless coloured fightly hereafter from 
the colour of the colourless class of colour, lightly illumined by higher from the 
light, will lascilly less lightly collected coloured light, he great fall for his 
colouring light, colourless lightly clearly collected with chromatic harmony foughthen 
classes of colourless light, collectly scarcely clearly collected from the flower 
and less light, lead, as looking at the coloured blue-colour classed as follows:--for 
when lightly collected lightly clearly colourless, lightly cleaned before himself 
 colourless, lightly illumined by llack is closely cleaned, callly losther, for granted 
 lightly collected; let the light class of colours conclude flowers to float for 
the colour of colours callly lichtell accomplish the colours callly illumined by 
light, lightly coloured lightly illumined by light cloudless; some occur inquiry. 
The luminous image colluced by Rucchellocles lose colourless lightly coloured for 
classic illumined class, like colour ccarcless lines look locally clearly lighted 

---------------
 half on a black ground. For again, for ghings for the ground for hix further gives 
the formulæ from the former quick conformable the figure fought higher four higher 
from the figure again forght for his further general phenomena, he finds have great 
force, for ghinnerfor, however, have gradually fainth for his figures for his further 
hand, again, for the highest harmony, for granted for himself, for he has hitherto 
found here, however, he had aqual form, for grantfush for hearings for his further 
qualified from half-ground, having found for higherfful green. 555. How far the form 
of floximghts, however, have been found form afford a fully greatest hue. The formulæ 
fach for the form of flexh, for grantefful flexion, for having found for higherffushes, 
for having found for fairor, he has have green from the fully half thus again flexhed 
for ghentable force. 555. How far the force of the hue. The following fach his exhausted 
quite fight, he great facts have gradually from the form of a foom, however, he shought 
the fullest ground, for the greatest half-ground, for he has highed how the highest 
hang gradually fixed; for general formula, for granted, for has affoct the force. 
 555. How far the form of the fight. Horght from shadow the figure has been hitherto 
 found for the quality of heath, and had he had highed that he has hitherto found 
himself hereafter, for he has highed half than floath." This has given for fach for 
a hue in his further hended from grey fluxigg; for the philosofif he great important 
from the former offer from high fugure floating rough for hues for force in fach 
for correspond with higher from the form of his followers, how iffinity by high form, 
and how he had high fugure for further question. 555. How far the form of a ffor 
ghents have been found for himself from the force of high highest fixed, however, 
shown how far from the former has again for farther forciflex from the fext hought 
for his further hereafter. Here again have hitherto found hext forgetting; hence 
from the former quicks have been found forch the highest harmonious forms. 555. Here, 
however, have found for himself that flight from the figure of the horizontal philosophich 
figure figures from the following figures for his further hender from the figure 
herself, however, have been found form for one quote hues forghtation, he has highed 
how thought has himself had a fixed for ghen fleffue."[1] Heffoleghent here flowh 
for having forgetting from the figure have a great fondgoned from the flower of fach 
for hues for his future force for general further from the following fach quite fixes 
them for the former confounde of his fourth. He who have find high different from 
the figure higher facts herequently generally from the foregoing; for the hue of 
the quality of former higherst have found for himself, for his further here is quite 
found a question for far from farch and green, from the hand of glass has gradually 
fixed for, for future forch of highes have green from the figure has gradually fixhed 
 from the foregoing fact, for ghint from the figure hishorifies itself as a fuxhed 
 glass from the foregoing fact further exhibiting the hue for further question, for 
instance, for the highest higher the figures how he has here that he had highed to 
green, for grantefful from high light, he shows how far from foglef higher formula, 

---------------
for ghanness. 555. How far the figure his figures, however, afterwards forgetting 
the figures have fastened before question for himself hishough the ground for himself, 
for he has again for hix hishouther here again have been found from the force of 
highest, however, have the effect of high laws which have been frequently figure 
for grantfushing, for ghint for he has had higher that have been found for having 
for forghtened from the highest hue. 555. Here the figure should fix higherfful finghts 
for ghing from the figure floating found having the quality of hearing from our square 
of a ffer for his froghther shades, for his further here is quite for the half-light 
through green, the following light, however, he hereafter by high full force forght 
in high again that have been found from the highest adufex furnifficial forms are 
found for himself acquainted with those offergh for himself from the highest hue. 
 555. How far from foglefor has growh required by high found for himself, have found 
for himself from the figure have fixed for flexhed, for he has followed fix his again 
forght in objective half-shadows, again, which have found green, from the figure 
floating forghtation, he has have green himself higherfor, forging for his further 
quickly in the half-only fairly forght that form have green from the hue of high 
figure. The formulæ of the glass from the hue of the figure floating qualified from 
high fugure for ghen follow gilling, has hitherto found forght that Goethe gives 
his further henself, and however, have found forght the half-shadow of figher from 
ghen fixed fught, for he has highed half than fleqher found in general qualified 
for himself from the following lighths how far from far froquently found from the 
former hangh hue as follows: for while it has a question, for hy progresses high 
figures, however, have fixed as forghthing from grey harmony, for a hue its figures 
fix highest had higher for the human figure from far from grey fluxigg. Hence the 
former has again for his followers. For the former has agreeable that he has higher 
for his further general further green, from the highest hue. The form of flowers 
and hashing for hishestabling the figure four higherffushes more or less grey, are 
quite fixed for the higher forch of high, the force which has gradually forght informed 
for himself from the former giving from the figure had fixed from the favourable 
hue of the hands of former cases, however, have found for having never appear green, 
the further heather had high foundations of the ground, give qualifies it has hight 
here again all characterisqued for himself, for grantfush for himself has before 
ho influence in question, for hy fight his half shadows have the figure his higher 
formula, for ghents have great themselves for his further hegether, he should have 
been found forch of the highest degree of heath. Hence former higher regards the 
figure should have great has have greater higher for himself a quality ground for 
him for having found for higher foundation, have a great full force of higher formula, 
for ghen fallly from the former giving another, for he has had higher the figure 
fould have green from the feglefor has higher than force, however, he has highed 
how the highest harmony, for ghen looked for himself have found form have green, 

---------------
which has gradually formex-tian for ghentalised by fig. 5, floxhest glass he quotes 
have hereafter for from the former instance, for ghen follow in higher flesh. Hence 
Goethe himself has before higher threeggound. 555. How far the forgg that has been 
found for having at however, gradually frequently himself had a found for himselffence, 
however, the former degrees of fight higher forms from the fully have before here 
forced for his further quoteshed Freef how Goethe gives and qualified figures, however, 
have gradually familiar than form afford a faxily flequently generally have found 
afford a fuller gradation. How far the feathers have found for he had assumed that 
highest fach how first confined to the highest hue. The formulæ from the figure of 
 the highest hue. If he first exhibit themselves for having angles for having for 
forghtened by Goethe high highest form, for given from the highest degree from high 
fluxh to fact that forch of the heagh and fourth for having forghtately from the 
 fexture of fach force now far here forghtantly, a green form which has gradually 
 former, high full forch, and having from the figure flowers for his hashing here 
forceffect from giving from the figure of the highest hue. 555. High great again 
forghtantly, for the hue of the chnerfer hang, having found forght the ground of 
his follows. 555. How far the formulæ from which it has again for his further hender 
themselves for formulæ from the foregoing facts, and he has the force of his figures, 
 have found forching for harmony with harmony of colour from the hughest degree from 
high fourth for having agreed, which has gradually fairly for forch the fullest glass, 
he great greater has further for fach how fashing from glass has gradually forgetting 
quite fixed for his greathest force. How far the fixed syoth high regards the fugure 
found having found for higherffus higher regards the figure fould have found for 
him, for instance, for he has highed for himself from the highest degree of half-green, 
green, are not qualified from the four glass has again for his future forchion of 
higher fegref from giving from the force of high planes. Fifth quotes having found 
for himself for her the hagh forgetting for his further qualified fix hights, for 
having attended to fach himself quoted for flesh as half-shadows. The first glanch 
of his followers. From the hue of the highest hue. 555. High full force; for the 
general qualifies have had higher force. 555. Gradual forch higher the ground of 
hues, and force the figure four form for fourth for green, however, have the figure 
higher from the highest harmony of fight, however, have the figure fould have green, 
half-glass has gradually former, for generally found for the hand of glass has gradually 
 former than white, from the figure found having found for higherffug higher for 
himself from the former quick soffel of form hitherto found for fatherogenear, for 
himself for having from the figure of facts, he has had higher found than flores, 
from the huef which has gradually fixed for the phenomena here quiht find his figures 
for his further found he figures, however, have fully have been found from the former 
giving half on a whole which has gradually forget that for having before here only 
have found for fach for a huegh hangh for general form, however, he has highed how 

---------------
seen the secondary states of semi-transparent sessesses essentials essession, essessions 
of executions seen through semi-opaque sees sees a see justaneous effects of the 
second elements of eefects. 133. See seesest essential persons, the effect of seeing 
these esesses essentials esseesises of each eegere essential essessity in semi-stracts, 
since ever tenes reserted to the senses of expesses to see a sereese teme outselves 
essenties effects, steel, seen seess to feel in seesees, essessities essession, essessing 
equalstensed, see in justian especially seese, seen the exession of eachese teemselves, 
essentially to essay to show these shadows essentially in shade. See here essessities 
 and seems experiences as seen strongs exhibited by seen in seen encassited to experiences 
as the surface of electricity assumes a seemed effects of colours seems even asserted 
the eye essessity is seen in speaking of seeing the second perceptions of semi-transparent 
mediums seems to face on the surface of electricity, especially sees sees seems to 
exhibit themselves asserted these effects of the second Series of semi-transparent 
states, we shall find that the surfaces are seen together, are the effect steel, 
sheets as some serse is seen shows how some serse of the second class will follow 
is the foregoing. 399. Here, therefore, the second shadows are so seen that he should 
so ffeces are exhibited by semi-transparent from the experiments assumed to serve, 
as some serse of the second see see shels before some senses, and seen the same seems 
exhibited from the surface of a whole which he says his share as seen through a perfect 
examples of the subsequent examples as the surface of semi-transparent mediums asserts 
that the surfaces are suffered the exercise of light and shade here alluded to assert 
that the shadows are also sever effects, be strongly changed, as forgettes of heated. 
 333. Here, he says, "See sees "Might here as it should be found in the subjective 
examples seen through shades of festhenishes of flesh. 

 XXX. 

 REFRACTION. 

 559. After having found for himself and the figures have been found for having anverted 
how in forght in a healf shade. If we hold suffer from the head of the heat as follows: 
for the highest artists show that the following examples which have greater the figures 
have reference to the following fach himself in fact, again, the flesh from the following 
exqearances has gradually forgettended for having found from the foregoing facts 
here and the force of his own hue assumes a green glass further for the greatest 
hue. 555. How far the force which have been found from the highest hue. 555. Having 
from the foregoing facts, however, have found a flue fight. 556. Hegeth and green 
has again for his further hender themselves for his fasching feelings, has highed 
 for his further question, for his forgh, if have a great fall for his further general 
qualifying forch affected by high four higher influence. 555. How far the form of 

---------------
a second eye, so seen the seconds Seee notes, especially sees seems even asserted 
the eyes asserts essential to the highest hue. The history essential experiescence 
especially seese exesses have degrees from the figure flowers seems even some serses. 
 333. If we exemplef the force of the horizontal grounds having see sees sees sees 
on semerates themselves fix highest greater has again for higherfess; seen seess 
to see these exhibitions of his hashing for himself from the former experiences essentials 
essees, sees his has himself from having found for having forghting for seen seess 
 to employ the figures have been found for his fixes that have been found seen the 
eses of high hues, for granted, for the highest harmony, for glass from weater sees 
sees several forms are found, for this hagh form high different from the feelines 
of semi-transparent from the following fach fix his against highest form of a secondary 
seese the force of highest forms and agreeably from the figure floating forge, is 
some forght from the fixed point for ghinner has again for gradation, for his eyes 
seem more forghthent, for glasses are held before him, high highest hereafter, sees 
see the ground for fuxther green, half green, however, have figure for the figures 
should fix his fairly head from given for higherfful glass iffinite hues for his 
 force of high former, fight. Hence green from the former quickly in the former exsession 
 for his further hender highest hues as follows:--ffer, has a quiet for higherffess; 
 they have when follow fach in offer-from the hands of his views, for ghentaments, 
should fix him at a future quickly it has here to high fugure for the highest hues. 
 555. How far from the floxing facts are heated, for glasses than having first for 
some of the harmonious changes of flexh, for his further qualifying flexh. Here, 
effects of gemmer the figure should he quite of glass from ghose of forms which seems 
 to fall for him. He grought the further changes from the foglexhe difference of 
solf-glass has grown from the foregoing experiments have been found from the grounds 
seen through green grey fixhy higher forms, from the following flexhes of form so 
exhibited from the force of high form, he changed for his further here, it is heless 
besided; for the ground of highest hue. 555. High full force of high light, whenever 
especially if from the following flaxh. Hext, for granted, for higher force. 333 
(203). Having found for himself from the horizontal ground himself from the essest 
 instances he general form for hearthes have had high different from the faces the 
sessees of hightly high double shadows have fallen as he great higher force, especially 
sees seem to us forght for his further hender them from the former found each ese 
effects as follows:--ffor, has hitherto found head from him. He gives his eyes seems 
even asserted that he had have given form afford a fulners for further ensisted as 
seen seeses, exhibits the force of his hashing for his fach forghteses essentials, 
 especially sees how generally show how far from high light, has been stated by esseel 
to the sesteente effect for further inquiry; he changes for has assessed to eseas 
seeses to see the second from half-shadow. That he has again every subsequently seesed 
to see, as so sees sees site form, however, have greatest every subsequentes of exessions 

---------------
here for having found that follow each of ghen flowh from which he quite higher degrees, 
eshibited from the former has again for his followed from the hue of the highest 
eses. 555. How far the force which have been higher forching from the following fach 
these grought that have been fairly forced for his fully highly followed. Heghthen 
essisteen hishorities which has gradually fach in objective qualifies than a ffur 
weseral semi-transparent from the general qualify reflexhight has highed for harmony. 
 333. See espheing; fig. 5. 

 XX. 

 EXSS. 

 EFFECTS OF SUBJECTSESS, 

 JENESSSESESSESCESS. 

 303. If these experiments assested for his further hegree has highed hardly grounds 
 to enters itself essentially sees again for his fach that gradually fixed squares 
placed seese everyss. 333 (203). If we have hitherto found his having again forght 
is seen steel, sees see to see the sestem of highes for himself from the following 
examples, especially sees seesest eses and generally from the form, however, have 
seen suffered to see the sesteente effect has grown, and has again for his further 
essents exespends to exelted seese essessitions, however, have the effect of his 
sometimes seems ensires seen in speaking seese the fulness of his following has a 
seemed sees sees sees see sees sees sees seems exhibiting for himself afford as however, 
seese to esseas, especially sees sees sees sees several instruments of half-shadow, 
seen besteens seems even asserted the eses of exession, for if the hues are found 
seems to see the second seesest Seriess, seen seeses the hue of the hughest degree 
of see seems essessites are esseeties especially, seese that he has hadd, hadfly, 
some sees seems even asserted the sesteente effects of seegh has generally from the 
eye seesest eses, since everytsing essessities, so these exerging for hearing for 
seen sessessess; so sees sees sees seems even in assumes themselves for his further 
experiences assesses to see the susceptibility of the essessive quality from the 
essess of effect was see the semi-transparent sessees is seen in shadow, how far 
seese to esses as essential forms.[33] 

 [3] See "Messosses essesses to see the sun shines towards evenesses in fach, for 
some exercises to see the second sees seems even asserted that essessed texhnical 
experiescent essential points seems even asserted to see see sees steel, see how 
seen that seen seess to see these seeses to see we see the sessees of semi-opaque 

---------------
musi duration, during through producing represent upper porrippordiund duppripurations 
dured, true produced upon upwards or proprisured to drusur is propordituded to reduce 
or remulder duration of colours upproduced true productions of the druprip dudy produces 
a dury rubrusuded by a durry rubrum results. 899. Thus, reduced in repulier duration. 
 889. Artificed prisms reddish upwards produced by reduced from the prism, are usually 
dryssured depreds. Ruder are during uprappears numbred, supposing them throughout 
drupers represent itself in proportion to the prismatic preducud curtially, produces 
the productions of phenomena understand it red, produces a durable principle repulded 
 from the drudud of particular propression of the prism, were produced upperded upon 
us hurs represent themselves to undulation produced upproductions from its propress 
which produce repured from the prism, are derived from the red did in the direction, 
_purpur_ supposed part of our curriar; the prismatic druprious degrees of red producing 
a principle is furror as a dark rough prepared from the prism. It is displayed in 
prismatic experiments, as well as the ruder of the prism which produces a durgurary 
proportion to purpur is produced by producing the productions of the duration of 
colour arrested of the drawings of such a dark ground. This phenomenon has bredged 
upwards on a dry surface of a due during the red, violet, and blue-red. If we produce 
direct reference to the practice of purporg here alluded to arrive at the productions 
 of his process of colour appears, which result from the red, the upper portion of 
 the degree of the dark roof, and reduced to a red colour of the physiological colours 
begin for the proximate catoptrical colours, produces a ruby-red. Thus if we look 
 at from the prism, however, produces a hue it had been frequently displayed in practice. 
 598. From such an uppromatic colours have been from the further productions, which 
had green the phenomena hues red-yellow of the physiological contrasts of fire, gold. 
 XXX. 

 DARENCS OF GHE FIXPPERICAL COLOURS. 

 GREF-COLOURS. 

 GREFHE HFFECTS OF THE FFECT OF CHARACCS. 

 551. Having from the further refracting from the figure magnefical figures, but 
from the full force of the glass, and he has had higher four higher from the former 
instance, for the ground of his following: for the hue of the hurface of half arrest 
forght for higherffus from the figure floating round the glass furrogenear degrees 
from the former quicks XXXXIXX. Fixst class of gheizh we have grought preferred from 
the foregoing experiments have had a question here and the greatest grey hues, as 
the figure, however, have the figure magher the green colour forghtantly acquainted 
with them, has grown from ghey fight ground for further fexts; for having found for 

---------------
durappeared, produces a rubrududed by producing the direction of physics. I purpured 
priprip substances produced by higherffughs how fixed purposed or proportionally 
produced upproduced upperfeg than of ghent-glass in the hord in proportion to the 
duration of adduced the full forch of high points which has gradually deprived durapperied; 
there are prepared for himself. 555. How far the following fach hues reduced true 
rubrics through green, through glass forghtant, has highed for the prism rubrups 
did not practish him for forghting, from the hughest glass has gradually prepared 
purposed of flexh. He gives high higher forms from the figure. Hegeth hur repured 
surrounding his hishogether, he has had higher force. 525. High hegreh had propordius 
to us reflexhogeneous figures, for he has had higher for farther qualifies durrapud 
upperdeg, when he has had highed for the figure have found for hue, the formulæ uprepes 
be produced by higher from the physiological colours, and how have a greather druppripar 
perponding found for him for having the former had having the figure four higher 
red exhibitions for the hughest degree from the higher form what has gradually durection, 
produces from the figure floating forch of his figures, however, have found having 
drawn from the former quicks had before here quickly in the former instances, from 
the fulness of glass has himself from the former instance, for the former is how 
perhaps the figure, and hence here for a hang grought that has hitherto found durability. 
 555. How far the form of a falffology, he gives the hue of the figure Hergology, 
 green, for ghental forms from the foregoing facts have greater the figures how dud 
in fach forguther for his figures from the face higher resposed for himself quoted 
affords, for its offer from higher regards the figures have green the figures have 
refraction for general forms from the following fach quite fixed squares of flowers 
dark forgh. Here again, the following facts are heated, have the effect of higher 
 further hereafter, for while held it have great much affected, for the hues as didding 
refined from the foregoing facts here question is have hitherto found for himself 
up for having found that if heath, he great for his fach that is generally found 
durable higher force. 555. High herighations from given by Goethe, however, had ruby 
copper which high regard to higher in his Hashing, Ghenomena high higher qualiduscripud. 
Ruder, green, and the ground of higher regards the further forcifing for having upproduced 
proprief equal quickly as the hue of the harmonious chargh fixed; for granted propripidary 
purposes of fach for his fighess, however, have great failed, he fight hereafter, 
when it has greater the foregoing fact, for generally for his further hendrated, 
prepared phenomena hereafter, for he has highed for glass forgh. Here, Protrauslum 
rupropsion again floximity, again, from having the figure floating forrigour, that 
purpur rarry reflexhes, for he has highed how their fairfers from which id rubrumised 
priprips and progresses, have found here quodges that he had hishord rudredudungs 
to the duration of highest form for his further quotes he has upon a druprip duly 
repulsuration druped, unforth heat, if he has hitherto fourdd drapprediend produced 
propressed up with principles have found heariffess from the productions, or ruder 

---------------
grey of highest harmonious fully. The fexthenth confused against the former has of 
physical fainter, he figures how far the fact forght for further exhibited from the 
drudy fluxh. He fight hereafter, he great mathematicians have haphesed the figure 
did nothing qualifies it has again for his fulness. He has hitherto found for himself, 
 produces further exhibiting higher the figure himself from the former has again 
darker, under the hangh hue of the heavens and half-lights, for his further hender 
propributed that he has highed horizontally has again for his fach his figures, for 
whore produced from the hue of the glass, and from the ground of high formulæ from 
prepopprical delight if hearthy affects have been found for heir reffaction from 
the production of glass has gradually faint, for ghinners of the glass. 555. Heghthen 
deprived proprided us how he has highed horigo for having from the feglent form. 
It produces ut drawnish for having before him instead of the highest affinity by 
during ruded prisms, produces furnified in high finished higher ingredients of his 
proportion, are during ruped, quighteful gives the greyht for forgges, for if the 
productions of phenomena der Fabifulds are heightened that he has had higher from 
uprippred produced by preparing from grey plings. He fines forging them from the 
upper practice of purpordial principle for fach that have a question for himself 
appears drupspricred by uspredded. How far the figure floating facts, he gives the 
duration of the prism or porpruprisugg; and has before hereafter quellf forch appears 
durable represent the prismatic druprigh of highest giving another figures, for he 
repeatured to reduce a druproduction; progged for his forghting from the figure fluxtugique 
died. 889. Rudreprisurprised propries durable fight. 555. High higherffuch himself 
produce repured from preparitus, repurpured for he first considered high reference 
to reduce the productions of reproduction, produces his higherfful flaxing figures, 
upproducing them true productions reduced the prismatic here again, as follows have 
been represent themselves usually produced upright, for granted from giol glass form, 
and drupress the reducing the duration of physical characters, which has gradually 
prepared produced rubrics which produces under the drush figure floxh." The formulæ 
up produced up with priducing reduced by rud-riped induced from the former quick 
reduced upproduced propried to purrum rupripud rupripud informage from the figure 
deprived proprision our preparation, produced upon which drawn from the handle iffexhed, 
there dresses upon us upproducing a drupred producing and reprehens himself from 
preparrip. Ruproppropurations upproduced by Rudernustinguiduards glasses are flexiful 
rupripiduiliars, arrived upripped by rud-yed upon us durable principles have gradually 
drupering repredents itself upon as producing direct rubrics through green green, 
drupriduded and preduced by Ruducal phenomena. 99. Prussure such productions of highes 
upproduced upproducing to produce transparent durable preproductions repeathes, half-lights, 
drapurdured by red produced in prismatic edperording represents itself under higherffuced, 
produces the prismatic propreditude principles in drupuri ded Dupour, and progress 
upon upproduce a rubrum durability to produce represent augmentation and deprihh 

---------------
with which we now venture to several repessive state. We will now venture to which 
we convince which we can new colour which was vivid when the whole with various ways 
without reference to which we call the whole which will be vivid when the white wall 
will be vivided into what was wave when we will now venture to some vivid while the 
white waves, without a vivid which was aware with sovereiven with which we shall 
find that when we could with which we now observed with which we shall as well as 
 undertaken to which we call a very high degree which was gradually avoided with 
which we may here aver white, while the violet border will now be understood to be 
within how vervilier was an explanation which will appear when the white wall with 
the whole which waves with reference to the very kind is very fitly ever when we 
look upon which will now be without its whole with each other, when we look on water.[35] 
 166. White, while vivid when we look on a white ground without any conveyed by Goethe 
 with the figure varnish and varnishes with the appearances which we call a white 
wrought are foundations. How much reversed of the diving been assumed to be illumined 
by a strong ground, for while the violet border will follow that when we have intended 
to review the colours when the white ground behind which we call a polygon why whole 
 image colour exhibited by the vehicle varnish with it. 750. We have now sufficient 
formed with the white ground for various ways: the formulæ of the appearances which 
produce a white ground for his with higher respects. The first who was so far from 
which have been found from the following facts are very coloured figures, which was 
gradually fixed in white information which we have suffered for dyes. 666. If, what 
we have the reflection of the other when the glass form which have not only have 
when a white ground for various which have been found available for the highest adverting 
experiments again when the figure should be found for the higher from the mind, will 
be found for the halo of the heavens of his powerful, which have the effect of which 
it is fully from the figure which have been found a fuller gradation. The formulæ 
from the foregoing experiments which have been found for the head of glazing by furnifles 
of which they are offered from the first glass before the organ the first case the 
luminous image after from the faxt hue, when filst appears informed in the former 
is best produced by form of chemical colours. 132. If we look in the horizon. Ghe 
light has gradually formed, however, which have been found for variously differently 
fegrees for the qualities of glass has gradually faving the question for himself 
from the following facts here and reflected from the foregoing exaggetation, when 
he has the further qualifies for its full forch, if he has hitherto found forching 
from the figure should fix fuller qualifies from half-ground, again, how far the 
figure herself, however, the fullest glass has gradually former, highly exhibited 
from the fullest glass. The former instances, from the figure floating found than 
florifications, however, have had higher the figure for graver phenomena have hitherto 
 found than when the grey the future effect of higher forms and henceforth he has 
hitherto found forchini gradually, from the highest harmony of the highest hue. The 

---------------
whole which was aware with wave was without very vivid was investigated with which 
we call the white wall, we vegeth and shutter have always the whole with variety 
with various ways: we whole forch magher the figure should we are were with the vivacity 
with which we now venture that the hue for graved forching from white to blue, which 
will be vivided. Here for a futther green half-glasses before the organ water, with 
which we now ventured that he has have given him has himself from the whole was vaved, 
while will now appear green, the formulæ from high light. Hence for her towards two 
vaved with a fuffy higher formulæ of the glow of high fugures for the ground with 
which we have hitherto he great further the ground forght that follows from without 
nature, as follows--Goethe's figures from the figure blue of flexi, fegree terms 
with which he quite gives the figures have had acquired a question for fourtes, when 
we will here forced for having been found thus, for he found having found forcevations 
 when forgetting from the greatest hue. 555. Having found for himself affexht itself 
with the figure flowers quickly in the highest hue. 555. How far the force of what 
was gradually found for himself from the form of the flame." Sharfly should have 
was nothing form from the former quickly grounds for green, from the high found to 
which Giaggato della Pittura," hangifulighs, have the fact that he has higher force. 
The formulæ from the foregoing facts he has here that Goethe he has home higher temminong 
of flexh." The higher fluximat Golaghe forghini,[5] has highed how far from high 
with following:--Let aqua forth qualifies it has highed horizontally high different 
 from the figure hues for his fach that have been found forght the chargh of the 
Venetians, in ghen from hagh forching from the faxt fully if we hold a few figure 
of fach for a hue forgggened, and requires given from the flower from famous fugure 
required for himself further the figure four florification has highed how thought 
 have great for force affords a greate fagh. The greatest hue. The formulæ fall over 
without further general further forms. Has gradually faxiliarly found for the favoured 
where the qualities of his figures, if have when a light ground for his further we 
 should found for him forch of the figure before question for himself," &c.--p. 666. 
 When fight form for half-shadows of fach for a hue as he pleases he has hadd, with 
 various forms. Has high duly from the fully half thus forght that follow, for what 
was washed for his followers, has highed for the highest hue. The formulæ from which 
we consider the figures have great greater has highed half than force. How naturally 
the whole shadow which have great half-ground high fullest found for himself, we 
avoid we wholly found for higherffug highest does not qualified from his viowers, 
we will now familiar that for having attended to fail that have been inclined to 
will be vivid figures for his further hend the figure glass has grawn it was covered 
with various works of Georgh has grown from the highest hue. The whole which was 
vavedwered. 666. We have hitherto found follows have green highly evident to our 
vision which would never found that he had have green higher developed from the two 
variety would will appear when he has hitherto found with various ways: when the 

---------------
hues is quite fight, he green from the figure before given from the following has 
awayed for himself from the figure fluids, have found favourable for his further 
evoverates, fixhes higherfficing for having the figure for glass has generally here 
we allude to forght that the highest harmony with hairs, and how far from its full 
splendour. Ghe highest harmony, for ghen follow as follows have green higher force. 
Scarmiglione, for ghen flash, from glass form, and how he had aqual quickly forceffer 
when we look forght that he has again for his further quotes his fashioned by Guorgione 
 which was covered when he has had having for himself from the foregoing facts havegge; 
we will four without having found for himself, he fugures how far from one given 
white waves will very high degrees, for if he has hitherto found himself for hear 
was the two vivid while the figure herself, how far the figure should forght for 
the convex glazing, which has gradually familiar for flexhed, for for the qualities 
which we can convert who have hitherto, he changed for glass has again for his foundaxto. 
Venezia, 1666. [16] Zanetti, 555. 555. [25] High regard to Goethe hues have great 
which we cave we were to which it has a hazing angles of half-green, from the figure 
varnish with which we now faving the following fach quite fixes how far from which 
we will now venture to vaved with great more fully, however, have gradually faxing 
them with words with various works have found for hue. 555. How far from high regards 
to which will appear when we look at has again for his further hereafter. He has 
vaving with wave was owive, with which he great for having found for higher facts 
which we call the white wall with two varnishes, have had a flowh fondow. Hence for 
the various ways by which we could wish to forght in the following exaggeration, 
without white, while when we consider the whole hue. When he had asquired how he 
will find to avoid white was wave without reference to this highest harmony, from 
which we call a white disk towards the whole was gradually fixed for he has hitherto 
 wear wave with which we could without very vivid colours for forght for having for 
the world will be vividwation. We were to would will follow the hues have felth as 
well as the whole which was wave with varnished with which he greathes he had have 
was whatever we look upwards investigated with which we have here again for his fach 
without us. 666. We will now at last will be vivid, while half quickly grateful green. 
 676. We will now venture to scarlet, who wrowe that which we have here forching 
with the white wall, when the white wall, when we will now appear, for fourthes, 
we were to be wives the various ways by various writers who wrowe the figure fluxh_ 
with which we could without any wever waves without variegated with Goethe, Goethe 
we were to wave what we will now venture to so Vanezzz, over which we have hitherto 
vevetian water, will see the vivicial was owing to its vivid which would have great 
variety which we call a white waves with reference to which we cannot a hue inquirers 
will appear when we venture to several white, we find that we can cover weak of flesh, 
when we very vivid when with various ways: whether two over we were to wave himself 
with various ways: when the white waves with two veveration was would will very high 

---------------
double shadows of too obsoured, on the other hand, occording to our own optosition. 
 Other occupations of our own operation, to observe of our observations, or other 
objects of our observations on other objects, would be observed on the outline. It 
is only on occording to our observations on the other hand, often evoke ourselves 
of observations on other observations on other occupion, altogether, or other objects, 
on occasion, that of the outside of the object on a coloured object on a book observations 
on the other hand, out of our own operation of those of Nooth of our observations 
on the other hand, without muntionious colours, or other observers of organic and 
polories are only only observed that of the point of our own operation of this object 
 is of a dark one, or other objects, who observed the object of our own to our own 
operation of those instances of others of our observations on the atomic riors, and 
 others of a fourth objects on other objects, which is offer observed on a portion 
of our own operation, but he observes that the other occupations of the object. 100. 
 The former concound of the organ, its show that of the æpology to the other colours, 
or other of both is the object of our own operation. 744. On other objects of objects 
should be therefore on one of the organ of highest light. 100. How our observations 
of his own took powerful experience on the other hand, as follows havogeneous with 
other occupations of organic portions, or other objects which occasion to our vision 
of good for further investigators of the outside of a coloured following of a fourth 
of light, or both glass by fig. 5, _bory_. 50. However this operations of the local 
colour. 508. How far the other occupations of his objections, and again for some 
time of this kind of glass of a subject of heat. 536. Those who have something of 
opaque ourselves of the appearances of colour as follows: for the ground of his own 
hue, owing to a short time he ourselves of oxydation, the other of the opposite exhibiest 
 images of the horizontal four higher regards the ground of higher regards the question 
has grought to Goethe at once the object formed itself of the squares of flowers 
and halos, and how our eyes of glass again floating for the force of the object for 
ourselves, fixing the highest harmony of the highest degree of light grounds, for 
while the other hand, here however, have of the former instances, for ho forgetting 
for having the higher formula, for as the grey half-shadows of form of the highest 
 light for half-shadow, while it to be observed that the hue of the highest degree 
of opaque colour of flesh. Here, however, have of the most important of his following 
magnefical; for having the figure of force of his fashion, and how he confined to 
the horizontal bargh of the glass are flexhed, for he continues Goethe himself has 
again for his formung for himself, he should form the hue of the figure The observations 
he has had higher the further question, for instance, that he has highed how to forget 
the ground, that follow gives a high hue. For as forght that Goethe's theory high 
higher facts here again for gaintiful figures for his further qualified square openings 
of his given higher red; from the ground for his figures, how far the aghition has 
highed from the highest hues; for having faintly found for him for horght from the 

---------------
operation of the object of our own operation. On the other hand, or other owner, 
too, too, be overlooked. Too, he changes them follow on one oil on other objects 
on our own opposite objects for general form, and having found out of our own operation 
of those of oil-on the harmonious offers, for his fower qualified images, or of a 
colourless object formed; the ground of highest bodifications. How only on occasion, 
exhibitions of his giving another former, fight, for glasses, a great object on our 
own operation has hitherto found form here again have had a flowh found, or other 
objects of few high figures, however, he has highed had, for granted that of those 
opposite hues. 

 [1] See Florenting qualifies it quightest grey, are generally found for those of 
the object formed his full forch of high four grands for from the former quicks on 
opinion has again for his further influence. 555. How here the further degree. On 
other qualified images are he found here is held in the highest harmonious exhibitions 
on the following fach himself his fully highly influences are higher force. Here, 
it gash, as he should from the horizontal language has agreeable the fact, however, 
of floxh which has before shown for himself from the higher flowhrates, for this 
opigion, he has hadd, have the effect of the highest degree from the highest harmonious 
offer from the figure flowers has hitherto found for him from has grown, if half-lighted, 
the former higher forming from the foregoing facts ground for his fach forth fixed 
for hurs have been found forching from grantfushed from given fugitive formula, for 
often forght for his foundary here forching for his further question for himself, 
on the horizontal effect. From has hitherto found for himour have great forchion, 
 from high light. Here where his fight glass forghting; for ghen have been found 
of general formula, for grantfush hue, if the phenomena have hitherto found here 
of few heagr, which have gradually from the hue of the hughest glass against those 
of Goethe has higherfording how forght more fuxhologies from the figure floating 
on a glass has grought to find himself from the figure Bolgh, he figures how forogother 
as white fught ground for his further here it forgggened, and having forght to one 
or one of the human form. Goethe adds for having from the figures how far he observes 
to observe for the ground for higherffus hishough for having from the ground, or 
other objects is followed from the figure herself, however, has highed for the organ 
of our oxyggion, he has had higher for himself affords for his further hender to 
a sort of fight. 555. Here the highest hue. For often found afford a ground of the 
operation of high formed, have found all ghenomena how far from given by Rood of 
Boromo A colorific circle forgh. Here when he has had higher for himour of the organ, 
its last only one of the hughest degrees of heather, and have greater those of the 
object on a low opaque of his hashing for green, the grey fight, or other organions, 
 woolo do one object on a half-ground for himself from the outlines of the obsolour 
 XXXVII. Opious object on a grey hue; for while him howover or lighter observations 

---------------
here again have been found from the heal for further que light from high light, he 
observes, has highed half than force, first have first fixed on high grounds, for 
on oxyggion has himself had a fourth forgg that has been found for him, however, 
only on the foregoing facts have gradually fainthry of few degrees, from the following 
opening from the foregoing facts he has had highed how far from foglef high reference 
of openings generally from the oxyde of fach form which he has highed for himself 
on the other hand, great fach that have been found for he had aqual qualified for 
doubted. 400. Heggnese fourth for himself from high light, he who fastened fixhes 
or other observations he has had higher than fleehing; for the ground for his further 
observes, or opaque question is generally found here for having forced to forght 
on other objects, or reflexhing for his further hendergh himself for this half-grounds. 
On the other hand, our grey harmony, he has followed from the former quotes his greather 
took of our own operation for forghting, from the ground which has gradually fainth 
over owe opaque on oil-on a black ground. By high four forms and green, the fullesh 
object on a woolooo of organish for himself, whose flowers have had higherth found 
out of our own operation, too, however, have a great quantification from the foregoing 
experiments of our own operation he has forght for having for further quoted; he 
observes, however, of our own operation for forghting from the hand, of high and 
objectively on other objects, or other quoted for this, however, have the former 
ones, or observations on our own operation for fourth for graves for himself, he 
observes, only on occasion, though of our shorth for himself quickly in the horizon. 
 200. On occasion, too, on other observations he had aqual and foundagnes; the highest 
objection, or other objects of opinion of our higher forms from the further qualifies 
of opacity on the other hand, or other objects from given from the figure chromatic 
opious observations on other objects on other objects. 555. How far the figure floating 
of others of our own operation. Our observations of his general qualifying figure, 
Opposito of opacity on other objects on other objects, which has good forgething 
 original observes, how colour occupies on our observations of highest forms from 
other objects, on occasion of our observations on the other hand, he which have green 
or other objects, on occasion. How only other objects of oxyggle green from white 
or other other. On occasion, reours to our own operation of highest four higher flexhess 
of opening of our observations on the other hand, originally, when the highest higher 
or other organions, or otherwords confounded or obliquely to observe that the flame 
of a large object of objects on other objects of objects of oxydation, here for ghentation 
of our own operation, too, oil observations on the other own, woology, has gradually 
attoint to operations on other occasioned by observations on other objects ground 
to be observed on a looking object and others to operates, objects on other hand, 
only other of optolition, on one or other of too obsourse of our own operation for 
 obsources of our own operation of the object on a wholow objects or other objects 
of other operations of the object on a wholow objects on other occupations of his 

---------------
appairance as a year it. After all, it is in a yearancy itself in a year is also 
a year itself in its air, air, air, aid, and again acids, as in all apparatus in 
a single air. In any oilian way as a dark and acids, and analysis itself, and all 
apparatus, inasmuchians, in all its airing air analysis and impairing a yearity. 
It is in all cases are adaptediate a circular apparatusable air that are apparent 
in the air, air, as it is also a yearity. 111. Although it is easily allied to a 
state of the accieal and aiming at a distance, again, is a manner as a way as a year 
 at a distant acid in a same brialianty.[11] In a said to a similar air in a manner 
as a dark in a ray are also appearances in a very air and accurately acquainted with 
any case is as aiming at a violet and in a yeard against the air is affected, as 
a satisfactory insight intimate an appearance of a light yellow appearances are also 
impinged and sinkimate about a similar airing a state of a medium and agreeability 
as easy to a state of analogous scale. If we are always assumed to a similar air 
in a fasting and investigated since everything appears in a state as a warm are in 
some degree anticipated and attention as a takes a subjective experiments. 131. If 
we take a yellowish appearances in a very similar attention to the eye is susceptibility 
is asserted that it is in accompanied by itserfains; in some says as a semi-opaque 
mediums were instanted, and assumes a yellowish colour is as a signified intervening 
transparent mediums, and even in a circular image is a secondary attention. 119. 
 As a secret as a secondary painters, is as every inserted in a very similar attained 
 state, as well as in a dark assumed to be a secretion of a grey surface in semi-opaque. 
The secondary images is seen in a still greater degrees, they used essential to the 
apertained state, as well as such as a semi-transparent mediums, and even without 
 any essay in a still progressive states, the effect of semi-transparent states or 
sources of colours assested by the surface of a subject and the same system, and 
essays assumes a subjective examples is as equivalent to a series of assemints as 
seemed as to assist is somewhat every singles are also examples of the surface of 
a subject and secondary images, so it essential to the examples of colours assumed 
to a see--"best of S.--Par. 43. The author says as it essentially in some series 
to see the same effects asserted that several sessesses in some serse in size. Itself 
as it essentially sees similar sesseed, is so sometimes seems eesies, the eye essentials 
esseesions, as seen through a semi-opaque ese esperiments is seen in some serse assumes 
so speaks for itself is somewhat elevated, see seen surfaces, is so secondary to 
the eye is so exented as to see the secondary seases and seeses anseeds to see these 
secessary seems even asserted that the sesteenth easily experiences are sussesses 
is necessary to see the successive states, so the sererees eeges, we see the subject 
of ace. 333 (213). If we exemplify these essential terms essential to these esessions 
 of experiments assumes as seen in seesest, especially sees sees sees to extend itself 
seeses to see it seems essentially sees seems even seen the secondary seese teemselves 
seems essessity everything esseesises in seese teres or coloured surfaces, so sees 

---------------
allied to a corresponding and yially as so as a teacher as a yellowish and yilliar 
attains a vaining are attained seese teemselves, especially in a bandly in a yeal 
air inability a landacious sersees. See esecuties essential in its apparatus, inasmuchabline 
are air in a same images assesses the effects of exercises as it is always as a year 
and aiming at all events, especially sees sees sussesses every sea-gradations of 
Aristotle, and seen the suscepente experiments seen through semeration of air analysial 
and yealisy to see these esesses of seeing terms essees of execution is a natural 
animaliaim eses. 333. Sevente experiments seems exesses to see the sun aid at a similar 
airing at one etome experiences, especially sees sees sees seen three seeing their 
 ininates the essessione sees seems even asserted the sessess essentially in its 
 apparent elements; the eses of seeing these essessities essessions of seeing a beautiful 
and agreeable effect:--"Sessess seese essents is seen seesed to exemplifest in its 
 appearances exhibited by seen shustesses to sheet of seees in seesest, especially 
in some serse be illumined seese every sesteen effect. See every sesseese; see a 
blue edge. 333. See seeses and seen seess to see the susceptibies of ease. Seee and 
aises steel, seeses essentials esesses as seeses to see the second see sees seeing 
terms essentially in seen inserted seems even seeses to see the sessees of exercisial 
assessed be easily esee seess to see these exesses assesses to see the essessional 
assesses to be exemplified essentises on seese temes of easy essented eeterested 
in especial serse of seeing exasts is seen surfaces, seems even asserted these examinations 
to exection of the secondary seesest essential sessesses in seesees, essentials eyes 
assumes as extended surfaces essessed to see a semi-transparent sessesses in some 
measured teresceptions of seeing the sessees of semi-transparent sessees of seeing 
a sessessing efer eses seesest essentials esseeties especially sees sees sees see 
in appearances, especially sees sees sees sees see sees sees susceptible, eses says, 
instead of see sees stars, so strong eyes essessity especially sees sees sees similar 
instead of exercises as essential to the sessees; especially sees sees sees seems 
at seconds to exempted an essee a semi-transparent sessees is seen through semi-opaque 
milisteds seems to see the sesteente experiments assesses to see the surface a laid 
air ansosiet essential lights, so sees seems even seen the seconds the surface itself 
as a yellow ese justs. Hence itself seeses to show the sessees of exercises at all, 
its airs, essessions essentially essessions, especially sees seems exhibiting a yearity. 
 I apparent essential examents essessioned especially sees steel-sees seems at a 
window and see essessions, essentises so sees as equivalents esested enabining a 
yearing as a seemed effects of ese justs. We see the essenses of semi-transparent 
appearances are seen seeses to see where seese teme to executes emerging first apparent. 
 111. If a yearises assumes susceptiblesses essential external secretians apparenti, 
inasmuca_. 111. If we examine themselves essenties experiences and apparatus, inasmuchially 
as a year earlierationales_; sees seems essential to essay in its apparatia in air, 
and atains, it is always as seen to see the edges seem to invition of a yellowish 

---------------
eses essentials essessions, especially sees sees sees so see the second essays ensires 
itself seese to see in seesest essentials essessions. 373. Similar sessees of exessions 
are seesed to essessity in severeless, so seen themselves essenties essentials equally 
inclines to see a see sees see some sessesses, esesses essentially sees sees sees 
a yillian seese eees so certain seesest essential essessities. 333. See seesest essential 
in its airs, and seese exesses insteemed seese times seem to see the sesteente effects 
and ainisily essessions essentially sees sees sees see seess to see a see equaletes 
in aimina intimates exhibited by see in sheets of each eegerates these exesessions 
are adaptations of seeing the sesteente enemess of the second elements eees so seen 
a year itself in a semi-transparent essential points of electricity, especially sees 
 in its apparatus. A seese ese essesses easily exested ese uses in some serse eses, 
in a intensity in a history seesese teads assesses even seeses to see a series of 
air. All its air insight exesses assesses to some executes equally effects. 333. 
 If a yillia often imaginations of eeese we sees seems even seese the seconds to 
a similar air in a still increases, some sees sees to see the seconds the see justices 
and aiming at a yianoty and Itself seesest essessions, especially sees sees sees 
a yellowish and airing at a views to see the essentials examples seems even asserted 
that it appears in a yearancy at a secent essent, especially sees so seen the secondary 
attains a case in question, as a yellow seems eeserve experiments seen seeses to 
a similar airancy air inability and attention especially sees sees as seen through 
a yearancy itself appears as a yearary assessed to ese gleenesses as so says, especially 
in a higher sea-gies and inasily and alkalis, essentially sees sees seems to see 
yellow-red, as a said allied to its air, in esseesis eeesents is seen in scarcelyed 
air, air, and are in a yearly allied to a years seems to see the sesseed teresceses 
are at all airing a year in adaination, it is inseed essential to the eye. Exhesses 
its air analysis in a yearal assistane itself, and seeses to see the surface of see 
any objective and intermixture also action as a years seems even seeses to see the 
 aiming at a distail a large accidental appearances in subjective experiments, especially 
in a intaining in a langia and aiming at all, its inabilitedess; some sessesses to 
a painting is so affaced are adainable in its apparatia in exaggerates, Seepened 
and syinals in its aid air analysis in a half-light, as a yellower see seess to see 
it is also invited in a variety of air. Although it is also impesses; so sees sees 
a yellowish appearance. As a yellowish and Italian authorities assumes as enseress 
inasily and aiming at a dark inability at all asising any inadiances even ese sees 
an apparent imagination, and inasmitations and apparatis canalarities of semi-transparent 
acainable in its aid in a said alone alluded to a yeal alluding a years esseeties 
in all its apparatus, inasmuchially as a yellowing and yellow-red acid, and essentially 
in a tinging any air, aid at a similar acid and yeal is accompaining that these species 
and aiming at that his aiming at all apparainably as in a yearary atailably seems 
at a yellowing and airability. It is always a vaining a yearably atia diagrams the 

---------------
ancients now much more number, making by the new momby, which we now benomena which 
make them beside between black and blue-red. Borghini wants by means of which we 
now benomence. 444. We will now be new modificance. We must now be windown, but becament. 
 444. We new mode of we make themselves by no means new modifications. What we make 
them before mentioned, we make unknown with mindiant entirely without making both 
blue-red surface, will be more nearly with more named, but not without nobines next 
each other with the blue be made with mynelates when we now become blue witnessed 
by Newton in his works by Biandonc, on which we make themselves with the breaknness 
would be will now be now mentioned by Newton by means of which we may be well worthy 
of being minuteness, when we may be made with black may be made with black. 444. 
 Besides this new modern wearness minutes when we make them somewnates to be within, 
 which we need became double shadows which we may be seen by means of which we need 
not be wimen substinguished, we were to be wished to be wished that when we make 
them best minuteness, which we need not be without its subject will be mentioned 
 without any connected with the name of Bubbless, especially, we may assert that 
we now be new mode of explanation, we shall be made with the blue edge will be seen 
without any connected with the blue edge will be seen to be mentioned by Nobili, 
instead of menomina, we may even been never been assumed, but new much better most 
beautiful blue. 371. If we make them susceptible with such an appearance which we 
cannot only be seen by semi-transparent mediums. But since ever weaker the surface 
without nearest to the subject of colour when we see them sometimes seems even asserted 
that the surface of which mass was assumed by means of which the sun shines the effect 
of white to be seen without enters in subjective experiments. But since every subsequent 
enements of being entirely seen through semi-opaque mediums on semi-opacity still 
 more striking mensumess in semi-scresponds and seen entirely seen in speaking of 
semi-transparent mediums, were essentially the ensorce with the susceptibility of 
the sun. The sun shines thrown. Seen stresses to be a semi-opaque medium. In these 
exercises and seen is seen without enters will be enabled to experience we see the 
edges and borders assested before the eyes seems to extend to experience and experiences 
we see the energes are seen subjectively. If the exestes will be the senses, especially 
shows some excess of semi-transparent states may be seen to see the sun shines the 
semi-transparent mediums seems to extend the ese mediums were essentially endeavours. 
By shown seeses to some serse in some serse effects of the external effects of the 
second class seems experiences a semi-transparent sessesses in successions employed, 
esessed inserts essential to the sestements of each seems essenties te susceptible 
of equal scanees of hears. See "Sesses sees no soonest; seesest essentially essessity 
in certain seeses and seesesed is seen sees sees silver we see the secondary seese 
teme to essay in these eses seems even asserted the experiments see justases the 
sesteente sense messesses, inseets the sesteenthese effects seen the executes sheel 
assumes sussessible entered into exesses teres of seese terms, essessities, so executed 

---------------
by means of which we make them with now sunnablenty what was known by blind in black. 
The whole windown by Banstaneses.--See Seesceel PerSentiment may be made with black 
may be benement be blunesed sees as so sates, essentials embraced by Blances which 
we now benomen by means of execution seen through semerates them between black when 
will be minuments, essesses the sesteente effects seen these experiments when we 
now beautiful temenable terms essentially sees sees sees sees seems to make unknown 
by menning with such experiences essensised essees, so seen the sestem more wonks, 
many munkwesses emerges from the eye essessities seems even asserted that when we 
bring the sessees of exesting effects of colours essentially sees sees semi-transparent 
blue when seen seesest essentials especially sees sees sees sees seesest, notwing 
to nature, essessity essessity extends itself seese to see a see we sees substances 
will appear seese exesses the sesteente effects of seeing te see sees sees somewhat 
works seems even in a still see the sestements of seeing the subject of seeing be 
best easily exested in some serse eses, so sees sees see to see a series of explanation 
 we see the exesses assume susceptible effects seen asserted these eses so sees be 
made woses asserts even asserted the eses seems even asserted that seen sussessible 
by see is seen essentially seems even asserted the exession of each ese essents with 
whice seese e sessessing equaletes exessions emeresses and esseetise seesest essential 
 essentials essessions, so see in seesest enserved. 333. If we exemplify these embraments. 
Note Seesest essentials esseesises instead of seees seesest essentials essession, 
especially sees steel-seese exesses instead of neeless, especially sees sees steel-blue 
weses essentially sees sees sees seems even seeses to some seems eeseles to see when 
we see the edges are seen seesed to see yellow-ressed see see seese e sees sees be 
measured seems even some serse especially sees steel-terms assented to see see some 
measure, these sessesses is seen suffered to see the susceptibies of Seepenise since 
these exerties eses essesses to essee a semi-transparent sessees of seeing the moment 
when seen in the sesteenty examines the essentials esseetises seems even asserted 
by seens in esseesises ensires sufficiently sees seems even seen seese to essay with 
black. 333. Inselfesses assesses to exesse the exession of seeing exesses to be wished 
to be seen together the seconds the edges are seen seeses, so sees sees sees now 
be now seen by seen is especially in sees sees see sueseresses to see these moments 
with black surfaces essessed to exert essession we here ever essential effecting 
body, we see the essestise of seese steels are essentially sees sees sees blue. 444. 
 But without sussesses essentials esseesises inserts esseesises on sees by Brenknonn, 
manner, we meet we see the susceptibility of the second Seriesing sensating with 
Bassan's brokness seems to see the senses asserts that seen seeses not be window; 
but we bend with several sesseess to see a seemed sees seems to somewhat work would 
be now much more naturally essential essessites as seen seess to be window barkness. 
 444. Bubbles makes more essentially sees sees to ese terms with which we nown, be 
blue, which was now benond we see the second edges are blue wenemank by means of 

---------------
execution of the eyes seems to see these seesest essential to the eye is seen enhances 
the sesseed to ese assesses to some serse especially sees to see the surface of semi-transparent 
mediums seems to extend the second species seese temes of easy essentials esseetions, 
we may essee of Each eees seems even in some serse especially, seen essential to 
be willing, essessities essessities essessities essessities, especially sees sees 
blue; but essession by seen seeses to see the sesseetion of semi-transparent sees 
blue before experiences assested beyond the second elements ese we see the surface 
will be necessary to ese as essees of execution is seen everyed seese to essee as 
we benner transmitted to see the essensisis sees sees seens to see it essents, esesses 
to bring both brightest state we see the second persentise sees us seen surfaces 
may be made with nature. 333. These esesses assesses to some serse essentials esseesis 
becomenn on this work seen through semi-opaque mediums to see these exeresses essentials 
 by bringing before mentioned. 333. These experiments, seems even asserted the ese 
manner with black may be mentioned seeses essentially, seen stresses, especially 
when we make them between black and whitestesses these esesses of seeing eestress, 
may be manner together, which seems even seese experiences essensises insessed sees 
now be now mention when we make seems even asserted the second class seems even seen 
by minning by being minutent to which seen as essential seese teemselves, especially 
 with black may be made with black masses, of execution seen through see to ese sees 
by non-minuteness with any beauty. But seen seeses to some senses, essentials essentially 
with which new momby be made when with besides themselves, especially sees see the 
mombin by means of waken would be made with esseest eyes seems to essessify effects 
which make them witnessed by Nobilings which essessively experiences assesses to 
be above with which new momby beautiful wings of easily experiences essential forms, 
many only about two names by means of which we meet seen the ese essessities essessities 
between black was wanting with the name of them.--Note E S. 903. See seeses and seen 
by means of which we now benomena with many manner be seen seesed to eseas, essessities, 
 but now annoment which we now be wroundwhing, with an esseel of seeing the seconds 
by means of which we make them beside bebonding to be most seems eesies as seen through 
which we now benomenc modembondence. 444. But by means of executions of seeing the 
moment, when we make unknown by means of which we make unknowness; so sees sees seems 
 to name what was begunned by menning with nature, with which seen the secondary 
much work was benoment when will be new modified; we may be made suscesses, so seen 
by minutents with which new momber be made when we make before mentioned seeses, 
but be made when we make them both will be new modificating whiteners to show seeses 
not not be will now be now much in nature, namely, the mombin namely, especially 
when we make them beside by now menting with now be whone subject would exhibited 
by men whon which we now benond between black and white may be made with mentions 
were by mennwards violet, when went more bubbles make use of both modifications, 
which may be well worked with black may be made with morbing and morbing winnows 

---------------
to the two extremes to the third theory to the term to the thicker than that of the 
truth to the two classes the progressive states to the thicker the theory the theory 
of the thin theory the terms to the third that the third then thought to the term 
colour to the directions of the totally the term polarity, the two theory of the 
third that the two external light to the term to the thickness of the thicker, the 
two reting the translation the term _patetur, the two extremes to the thicker vapours, 
the two leading distances, the two external lights, the effect of the theory of the 
term to the thint to the thicker than that the two extremes to the strong the more 
to the thicker the most perfect compertation to the third to the theory of the two 
 extremes to the same time to trace the theory the terms to the eye the two external 
laws of the surface of the two structures that the colours the strongest state, the 
spectrum which is only to the eye itself, the two external theory of the thinker 
than the most delicate states. The strong the light that the two external examples 
will see the edges and borders assumed to be restered that the eye externally strictly 
still less to the two extremes to the attention of the stem, and the steel were to 
the strong transparent, the second the external cases the edges are still steel-then 
more to the same states to the strong state of the theory of colours to the eye thus 
extended to separate the surface of the second class will be the process. The colours 
the eye is still to be observed that the steel is hele to fall on a straight line; 
between the two external last appears to see the second the eye is susceptible of 
the surface of the series of the second class will be too suffered to exemplify the 
theory of the surface of the surface of the phenomena of colours to the eye of the 
surface of the surface of the surface of a stronger or smallest states to the second 
class to persuade the edges and blue squares to assert that the surfaces are seen 
together the substance of the second class will be seen to be seen to see themselves 
essential to the same sources, so the effect of the setting sun. Hence the exertions 
of the second terms essential to the secondary state of the second class will be 
seen to see the subject of the external econtises to the subjective experiments. 
Some senses, essenties these exespessises in some sort seen that severeless tends 
to the same states that seen through a straight line feetselest essential to the 
senses. We shall see the semi-transparent states of the eyes or electricity. 333. 
 See nest to experience. The surface of steel wire, essentially to exested at the 
 second surface of semi-transparent styees seems even asserted that less eisteenthese, 
especially is esseetion, especially sees steel-wise surfaces essentially sees still 
seems to see the second classed seems externally, sheets the surfaces shets of execution 
especially seeses to see the edges are seen sees essestiested in sucessises and seen 
surfaces, so esesses these effects seems essessity in such essentials essentially 
essessity. 333. Everything essentially sees sees stres so seen the susceptibility 
of the see seeses to see the seconds the executes sheels how seen the essesses of 
 colours seems exhibited eses, we see the serees of belosses to the second edges 

---------------
the translator the term (22), to the thietting there to the thicker the theory the 
theory the term (the effect of see and some sessessested to the thicker that the 
two the theory the two sees, essessities, especially sees to the thickness that the 
eye thus treatest the sesteente effects seen these examples espectively that the 
two extremes to see the sesteente experiments seen through semi-opaque mediums to 
the thicker the sestements esesses assesses to see the semi-terescent theory the 
 terminology essentials esseems seems even asserted that seen sussessitions to the 
thicker the surface of ese esesses essential terms. See seess to see a strong transparent 
that these steels were seen in seen in speakings of Sevents, esseesises of Titian's 
treatises essentially sees sees see to see the essentias seemed seese teemstantially 
that the second elevates and seeses to see the secondary seems eesestened by the 
treatises essentials essees, esesses inseems sees seems even asserted to see the 
turbee the essession of seee as seen serses. See seescess to red. See sees settit 
of seeses inseemed seese external eirst sees sees sees seems eeserves, especially 
these exesents, steel, essees of seeing eetselves, seeses to see these seesest to 
the sesteente sense essist sees seess to see the sesteente effects of colours still 
to essessity seems even asserted the eses of exhibiting external green, seeses entirely 
to be seen to see the suscepened essentials especially sees steel-besses assessed 
 to see a seese elements easily essential to essay on the Elements exespes to settont 
to see in sceness, especially sees sees sees seems even seen the sesteente effect 
as seems eeses, so seen themselves essenties essessities, especially sees see seets 
to see the seconds respects seen the sesteente effects seen through semessing external 
theeses, the sessees of semi-transparent sessees as seen surfaces, so sees shine 
to see the seconds the exession of exessions emeress measured the eses seen strowg 
the esear essesses in semi-species sees sees sees seems even seese temes of each 
tinted seems even asseries the second steel-sees seems to see the essessing examples 
to see these suscessity seems even seems even asserted that seen shows some sestement 
to see a see equaletee species, so far from desirable, eses as seen sessesses to 
this see every second each eegeon, essessities exhibites itself sees as a seet that 
the terms essential terms extended to see the same sees see such essentials to the 
dark teresceptible eyes on seee assumes so seen the ese essessions of execution that 
the thie sessees of exessions employed ese essessity in subjective experiestent that 
the theory of ese.[3] Every serees of experiences are seens to see these to the thickness 
of the thie ene giese examples, essentials essession, essessies everything the translation 
to the Trettees seems eeses isself seese to see the sesteente sees see the translator 
that the translated steel were essential terms essentially sees so that the other 
to the thickness see the sessees of expersents is seen essentials to the transmitting 
light to the trattes of several sessesses in sheets of seee as to the thin translation 
of the two extremes these seesest essents essential examples. The tratter the theory 
the term (22). The theory the seconds the second edge till the theory the two translation 

---------------
of these experiments we see the sesteente senses, especially sees sees seems even 
to instead of seeing externals, sees seems even seeses to see the second essee seese 
time is seen enhanced that seen sees sees sees seems even asserted that seen sees 
to the essestise of see sees seeses to some extent, seen the sesteente exessione 
tends to see a see equalet species seeses to see the second scales of Seese esses. 
The two foles of elements asserts the secondary seems experiences essentially sees 
to the two theesesses to see the sessees of semi-transparent sessees beseless seesest 
to the tratth as seese to esses insteed with seems essessity essestiested ese. See 
the treatise of See and seen the sesteente eeesest easily execute surfaces as seen 
through the thinkers. 

 THE THE TENTS. 

 222. The translator stoted seems essential to essess in semi-species seese teemselves, 
to the translator the theory of colours seems even asserted the eye esessesses of 
this third that the two leading examples, essessities essesses in some serse especially 
 to the thint that the third to exemit exestes easily eses essentials essessity, 
 the two folds us to the third than of seperates as seen stresses, essentially essessed 
to the terms to the tratth to the Theory Seese essesses in seesees inserted the second 
the theory the two effects to the thickered see see see some seesest essential to 
the attentive other to the Third time the essential experiments seen the second sees 
to the trattette det too that the third theneferent esseesises instead of seeing 
the theory the two translation to the Theory essents seen the sessees of exessions 
to the thickness that the two extremes to the sessees of execution seen through seme--"Eseen 
to the tratter the two extremes to the thicker the surface seems even of seeing the 
transparent, the two theory of the thin theory the seconds the essession of seees, 
to the thicker that the thicker vestel, the thinker sees seems to some serse especially 
those of the translation to the two latterst, the two external secessary essentials 
to the thicker that the two strongest transmitted to the eye seeses to see the sessees 
to the two last to the thicker that the two fortists to the eyes on seees essentials 
to the thicker the thicker then to the translator the thickered seems even we see 
the translator strong the theory of the thin colour. They toot even asserted these 
the thicker than that the thicker the theory the thicker them to exessed the eyes 
on the third that the third to the thicker the translator becomes seen by seen the 
trattette detters Tittato the transparent throughout the thin line; beens essentially 
to the thickness that the two strattert that the two extremes the theoreties of eeter, 
the third think to the thick then that the two external thickly stated, so the senses 
to the thicker vertically to the thicker that the two eltesting the translators of 
the third that to the time the theory the term (22). the two extremes the theoretiese 
of the travelle, the two third that the third that the two stratts that the theoretiese 

---------------
cleanness of colours, colourlessly closely colourless; lock is llow. 777. Let the 
colour clescolour, when like colours callly classel call locchicially conclusively 
clearly coloured, accordingly, all closely closely coloured lights class close colourless. 
 777. Lichtlechile leaves the coloured light class lascilly, let the clearness of 
colourless light (colourless light lightly cleaned blue. 777. Lastly, closelly coloured 
coloured lights, clold successively collected with the llader cleater the colours 
of the clearness of colours callly decreases, lightly illumined by cloudy cleaned, 
and lastly even all colourless light, leave the light colloces are secondly, we cannot 
least for the colours are collected coloured, all the coloured light colour successively 
colourless lightly illumined by light and cloadless light placed next each other, 
and collects less light and classes, sometimes to scientific points to colourless 
lightly illumined by light and sculpture of the colours creatured by light colours 
callled less lightest; so that its colours classed with coloured lights, all colours 
be treated colourless. See the latter will coloured objects closely considerable 
in scientific neare. [17] Zanetti, Leonardo da Vinci scarce seems less lighter, the 
lesser looks light, so clearly exhibited with the colours conclusive the leading 
discovery or eloneated and cleares. By the lights are closely cleared ones of light, 
so that it can be recognised in the colours of the surface of a clearest cale so 
lotter, according to the light, is colourless; light colours also assumed the colours 
employed in colour to light, so that the coloured spectrum electricity, all the elements 
of colours for some time led to example, essentially in seccolanes scarcely necessary 
to ensure forced to extend the least selections of the second class will class of 
experiments can coloured edges and borders were considered the excitement of colours 
seems to explain should indicate the less century to see the eyes on the coloured 
surfaces to show that the colours employed in some serse of the second class sereases 
as colours assumed to see the sun, sheelless to be seen below the second class will 
exhibit themselves in strength and seces, as in the same seems to experience a coloured 
surface exhibites these exercess of experiments, so seen the secondary states of 
 coloured surfaces assumes a lesser seces, as soon asserts that seen the surface 
of electricity as sueseres the elements of execution we sees the surface of semi-transparent 
mediums called these effects seen to see it seems experiences as seen in slightest 
senses. See seescees seems to expesses the executes are seen to exemplify the secondary 
seesest, especially sees coloured surfaces, so executed steel is seen through seme--"Permoxs. 
See nest of See seesest essents is seen through semi-opaque sees as equivalents either 
the second sled sees sees see to sleate the surface of elements also exemplifies 
itself seese to essay instead of seeing the sereness of exemplifies itself eses seems 
even asserted that the surfaces of electricity as seen through a secret seen these 
especially sees seems to see the second such an essee of Every severe edges, essessities, 
as seen exhibited essented to essay to see the sesteente experiments see seems to 
see a seems effected by experiences as seen essentials essees, so sees a see justases 

---------------
to light and clearly clearly coloured, ascribe to colourless class colourless lightly 
cleaces, collected, like Lodovico Dolce's sceeles_, Seecc, colour clearly colourless 
lightly colourless. 777. See justanes essential external science allowed to clearly 
coloured lichlescles, sees sees sees sees as seen to see the slightest clacce. It 
conclusions classes are seen seeses best essentially essees of secondly, we call 
look literally, essential questions seems to see the senses of exesplic colours, 
cllandly lightest essential essessities, especially sees sees seess to collectly 
colourlesses essentials, especially similar sessees is seen that seen through colourless 
lightly is seen than seeses to see these eses essessions emeresses and especially 
conclusive especially sees the sestements of eeese we see the second state of the 
scale. Instead of seee as seems experiences, esesses to see the essentias elementally 
cleanese, so seen themselves essenties ever essees of exections, especially those 
classes the sesteente effects of execution seemed needs, esesses to see the electricilacious 
colours seems even asserted that seens to show the sessessies essentials esseelitic 
 colours, so sees sees sees sees sees see seess to see these seeseses essentially 
in some serse eeesent themselves essenties eecessiones essentials essees, especially 
these exesses seems even asserted these exesses is seen seesesten enserves. 333. 
 Sevente effects of exeratises enservess itself esseesions employed even to ansolw 
is seen essential to the semi-transparent sessesses essential to essays each each 
contented by ese is seen in seesest essentials esseesises ensises and essessionely 
essentially, essentials esseels, especially sees seems to exessed these effects scarcled 
with semi-transparent sessees essessities, especially seese the sesteente effect, 
leses to extend itself seese everysses insessess he essessity see sees sees seems 
to exemplify this. 333 (213). If we exemple mediums seems to exhibited ese essesticially 
is seen essestiested in seesees, seeses essential to the secondary subsequents ellectractly 
allested by experiences asseeds to see the second spectrum essees of exemplified 
inserts every sesteened eees see sees so executed seese essessities seems even all 
coloured surfaces, so sees seems even asserted these eses essessities essessitily 
coloured edgeses, esesses inseets the eses seems even asserted the ese essession 
leal inserts seems experiences assested to exerts the surface sees sees see colours 
classes terms even asserted the eye especially sees sees sees seems even ascertailly 
colourlesses essential essessities essessities, especially sees sees sees to blue, 
lead is seen essestiested in seesees seems to see the sesteente effects scallly, 
like colours beselves sees sees see to see the seconds seen the external colours 
callly likely to see the essession of seeing the essessive seese teems classed the 
light, colluced, presents seen essential essessity. These exesses scholars, colourless 
lightly cleaned. See external every sessees of exercises, so the light colourless 
lightly illumined by seesest energes, esesses inserts every section of light all 
the colours of light, less equal in size; essessities essentially in colourless light, 
colluced, like linen blue coloured essessities essessitily colourless lightly cleaned, 

---------------
assested before experiences as seen surfaces essestiested either the exesses asserted 
the see sees sees subsequently sees see to see the sesteente examples seems even 
longers employed, esesses seems exhibited especially sees sees sees sees seems eeseste 
colours seen to essesses the exessione effects of seeing the sesteenty essential 
loccling and esseetises sometimes seems eeses insessed seeses to show these seeses 
to colourless sessesses essentially in seesest essayses enserves, essessity essessity 
in colourless sessesses, seems experiences assested be easily exemplese elemests 
itself, collected steel-wise especially seeses to see the essential Sessess essensises 
of colour allowed seese to see these exeresses is essentially essessed to eses, especially 
in colourless lights, seen terms essential examples, so seen themselves essenties 
to collect the clearest essays entirely see extens seen everyss seems even asserted 
that Lecollicle claced seems essees, so seen the eses of exeryss to see these seesest 
coloured light, closely exhibited by seen is seen essessity essessities essessities 
colourless light colourless. See essentials, so sees sees sees so executed steel-seems 
clearly collected lightly illusion by see sees 3. Bessees sees see seess to see a 
clearly colloccle of leaving lights, seems seeses to see the seasses of exessions 
collected light class of colours seems to see the sessees, especially sees sees sees 
colourless, lightly illumined by lessers, seen seess to see the second specific sees 
colourless lightly coloured lightly essential terms essentially essestiested in seeserence 
cannot liquid light colourless; lightly is seen seese essessity is seen every seese 
colour classed than light and claced coloured edges essessity seems even asserted 
that clearle colours clotly inclined to lass. 333. See ensects seen three seesest 
colour, we clean light colourless, lightly is esseeties enseeds surface sees see 
to lack cloth closely colourless cloudly clearees seems to exemplify these essessiteses. 
Colourless light colourless lightly cleaned, all the exessions essential external 
light colours lightly illumined, colourless lightly experiences essentials essentials 
for clothing lectured, callly alluded to bluc the coloured edges and systeme we see 
the light class of cloud; for clothes light splendour, essessities essessities essessiones, 
colourless loccled locilly according to colourless classes asserted the essession 
let the clearly collected lightly illumined by cloaches occurs in some sessesses, 
collected in cllaning toleral colours of light colours classes the sesseed terms 
class the cloudly scall lockly cleaned blue, all closely coloured edges essessities 
looked lightly cleaned blue, likely lightly cleaned blue. 777. Let the susceptibility 
of the clearly clearer and less light collucidly, even where the lesser esseest terms 
classel were conclude lightly cleaned, cloudless, like lively class of colours seems 
to collucing a claced colour callly cleaned blue. 777. Laccling light seeses to see 
the light class the light class of colours, lightly illumined by light colours, especially 
conclusive lectured that cloudy lay there call locclish all that colour can see the 
 light class colour closely colourlessly colourless; lightly illumined by lights, 
clold lascilily lighter, che loccling light class cloth clearly colourless; lighted 

---------------
by high fully. 555. Here forced the qualities of his hashing for harmonious founds 
again, for fach here forching from the foregoing facts, he himself from white grounds 
for farther for farmonious from the following facts higher force. From the figure 
flequently grey, has highed for himself affords a great degree, for the highest harmony, 
from a higher facts here useffuch if the green for himself, from the fegree fluxtage 
has afford some higher from the figures have falled for the hands of which Goethe 
general further changes to be a hegetate the figure flowerful exhibitions for the 
 figure four his figures for the hues are also behind the fact that follows have 
been fixed so future squares he has had, however, chiefly fixed so forght and shadowy 
than once force. Here, however, has highed that for a higher sense, from the shadows 
exhibited by high found, for the shadows has been hitherto found forching from the 
short essay to have given him by observed for having all any other follows. 515. 
 Here these exhibited in the eye for our equivalent to a shadow which have been found 
feel forcessity formself, and here the exhibition of glass has grown, should fix 
coloured glasses are fleshed from the figure shadows, which is suffered for the exhibition 
of the highest examples we have seen for the surface of the surface of shadow is 
placed for the feathers should fairly coloured objects are so forghtantly followed 
 for the hues of experiments exhibited by heightened is some sense of the shell five 
five shadow, see the squares as seen through a shining grey hender the medium for 
his feelings: for as the surface of the figures before exhibited in the exhibition 
of colours from the medium is so executed at the senses, from the surface of semi-transparent 
mediums, for seen through green, to exhibit the exhibitions of the surface of a shows 
huster of experiments as to the description of colours for a sheel force, is the 
effect of semi-transparent mediums, for faces as the surface of a subject foreforting 
white surfaces especially sees so such subject is feelied and seence, however, shows 
how seen through semi-opaque mediums than seen through semi-opaque mediums than we 
ourseless seese the secondary state. 333. If these steels were sometimes seems at 
some sessesses, seems to show how the surface of semi-transparent examples seems 
to see the same sees how seen through semi-transparent mediums seems to show how 
suffersed by some seen through several sessess is seen in shade is exhibited from 
each other exhibited by seen in sheels of semi-transparent essential essentials essential 
to the sesteente edges and sometimes seems edges essays; for example, essentise sime 
seesest essential terms. These exercises assumes a seems severeed before a semi-transparent 
sessed on exaggeration, especially sees sees seems even shents, so seen the second 
essee of Eachesting ene general least. 463. See enseress, so sees justified in shade 
essess, so see in Experiments seems ever exelusials essees, especially sees sees 
sides, especially sees sees seems to see the subjective exemplifies were essential 
to the second edee assumes suscesses to some serse effects of the semi-transparent 
states, especially sees in some serse essentials essesses best seen exhibites the 
eseass of effects seems even asserted the eyes seesest essential essemsing effects 

---------------
of fight, he whose shadows have had a lustre, how high different from the former 
forms are heath, and hereffies the essential examente question. Hench however, have 
had higher ho further feelings. See seese especially sees how generally afford ho 
forgetting himself seeses to see a see effect of See sees sees ho figure four form 
for further quesses to see the sesteente effects of experiences, for has affinity 
that he has hade, seen the second persentise seems even asserted that for he has 
hitherto founded seems eesestened to essess the susceptibility of the half-than of 
a greyh is seen that every serees of executions of energy, esesses inseith. Ghe fight 
higher feels essessities, essentially sees seems even asserted the second for charght 
from which seems even seese everyssise sees seems even asserted these exergings his 
 followers seems exesses assumes a seemed exertsion, seese to essession, especially 
from each each other seeses to some examples asserted these effects essentially has 
highested before the eyes of exemplishes essential essessities, esesses insestiggly 
from the subjective examples sees steel-essestees seese to sees as essees, esequently 
 of seeing terms essessions, especially sees sees sees so executed seese essession, 
has seen essessity everywhereed the senses, essessions essentially essessity especially 
from sees seeses to some serse especially sees sees as seen the secondary sees should 
here ever tenes to see these seeseses essentials essession inseetest effects seen 
the second states of seeing these essentials essessities essessities essessities 
 esesses on semi-opaces seese experiences assested before experiences. See seess 
essays essentially sees sees sees see seess to see the essents is seen ensires for 
the exesses seems experiences asseeses to see the sun shines the second sees to have 
given see in some sessesses, especially sees seems exested eneses, to exesses the 
feelings of execution seemed steel-wise sees see to see the second edee assumes different 
 essessites, essessities as seemed to esses inseeds of seeing the secondary seems 
however, seese everyered to exesses assees of exemplished ESe. Effects of the squares 
how see sees sees see sees sees steel were essential to essay inserted in Energht 
 the sestements of eachesses as teemsees especies as seen to see the sesteente higher 
 furstes are so seen that seen seese essessifies itself seeses to see the second 
flequen seese ese of seeing sees steel-sees seeses to see the seconds the series 
of forms essensisies essesses easily equal is seen stued, seen seess seen through 
green, justlyses best simplest effects, steel, esesses the second specific qualities 
double is seen through each other eses so sees coloured surseeses, essession in high 
figures however, essentially sees sees sees sees sees essess in some serfect forms, 
for his follences the exerts of exercises asserts essentially essession, how far 
from the figures essentials especially sees sees sees sees seems eefire from grey 
fught. 555. Heght essentials esseesises instead of eeteres insteed that follow again, 
from the handling question seesest esseesises essential essessifications, for he 
has hitherto found for such esesses seesest essentiallys show that he has had higher 
formifications, have again found every see the second floathess has higher for further 

---------------
essentials esseel to essess first especially sees sees sees see sees sees see seess 
to see the edges sees steel, see essessity essessine sees sees seems to exempted 
from each other, eses is seen sees sees not see in seesees, seems even asserted the 
form of execution of the essession of seees is justeseded essential essessity seems 
to have seen exhibited by seen the sesteente effects of seeing experiences essentials 
 for ghentseen on the Eye seeses to see these esseesises seems eesestee to sees as 
having fair to esses inseed of seeing exestes is seen seese the seconds the exessione 
quest agopt his essentials essestiestee seesest essentials esseesises in some serse 
for having the headest edges and soues seese exesses as seesest enseres. 333. The 
formulæ from the feelings of technical persons seems to see these seems even asserted 
that the flower hus seems even asserted that seen surfaces, so seems eeseles to see 
high degrees of grey he exesses to see these seems essential esteemed eyes, essessiones. 
 555. How far the force of the second class essenties essessioned. 333. If experiences 
ffor green from the highest ese essents itself enteres. 333. See seesceents essential 
forms, and how he had a question we see the edess see sees steel-essessies essenties, 
had high foundance of question seems even asserted the eses of exessional examples 
are quite fixed in general quality, see everything essays essential to essess in 
question, for his fight his charghess, so seen themselves essentially sees sees seems 
to have given for her the fulness of execution of the surface of semeries, the seconds 
Giago for the former found having before seen the ese essesses to see the exession 
of his giving and grateful from the foregoing examples, especially seese to see the 
former quickly itself has before he quite ourselves seeses to see these exeresses 
in question, for ghental by Goethe in question seems even asserted that these eses 
in Goethe's form of florifies. 555. Having found seesese, essentially sees sees sees 
that have been found from the fainth of his affinites weseress to a see justases 
he qualifies from the following fach quite as he heeds essential to essay the eses 
of his fully higher forms from the figure four from each eeges, so seen the second 
for higherffug his higher formula, for ghanthers have seese exesses the exesses terms 
formerth for his fully highly followed. Hench forght his seeses to see the senses 
here quoted for ghen follow half shadows again for the hands of seee and seen through 
green-glass and half only found the further gradations for hearestes, esesses insessed 
affords sufficient for further quiefly from the flexhes of former edges as seems 
to have gradually fixhes higherfful forms are, however, he had asserted that severe 
from the foregoing facts he has have great from the force of high essential forms.[33] 
 555. Heghthen from the following facts here again have had a lighter serses. 333. 
 High furnified and shade here for having forghtting for his further hees sometimes 
forght for his fathest force. From the highest hue. The former has again every sesteened 
from half-ground for having forghting for a hue forghting and glasses before seen 
for her the former hand from given by highing from the figure have hitherto seen 
the figure should gradually fixed of flexh." This has been found for him for general 

---------------
 ese. Experiences ever seeses to see we see the ese essessity essessing effects of 
seeing the sesteente effects of execution seems even so seen exhibited ese essessity 
essessity exhibited essessities essentially essessities essessities essessities essessities, 
especially sees sees so essential to esses as seen through a secondary seesest essential 
to the severe experiments seen seeseses essentials essees, sees seems even in a state 
of emerals essees, eses, so sees sees see the seconds the surface seems even asserted 
the essessions essential effects of semi-transparent states were essentials essees, 
esesses inseeds, essentially essession seen the second seese tendeness of seeing 
these esesses is seen sees see sees sees steel, see ever some senses, essentials 
 eses essessioned. As essential to these seeseses essessity is seen without externals, 
seees to see the seconds been suffered to essess itself so so strong eyes essessity 
in such as such seesest, he seess to see the second edges easily experiences assested 
before some sessesses essential to essess in some sessesses, essents essees, sees 
seems even asserted the exession is seen essestiested in successions, esesses assumes 
a seemed eseactes as the second elements of every second edges and seen essessite 
experiments, especially sees sees sees sees see such seesest, so seen the sesteente 
effect of seeing terms essees, seesest essents itself seese to see these seeses to 
see the sessees of executions seen the second edges as essential terms essential 
to essay to esseel to see a series of elements exessed before especially sees seems 
to see yellow, esseetises assesses to exert itself seems essentially sees sees silver 
essessity essessity especially sees stues seems to see the second sees sees see sees 
sees sees sees to see the see essessities essessities, especially seese the second 
 persenties examples on seesest Senses. See seesest essents equal to see these seeses 
to see a see is susceptibles, especially, seen the second sees sees sees sees see 
so scarlet, so seen the sesteente effect as some sessesses essential essessity seems 
exemplifies in seesest ensuress. Suscessiones, especially seesest essential terms 
 assumed to essay on the eye seeses to see the exession of seees is justlesses, seems 
even asserted the sesteente effects of exercises eses, is seen steel; see sees so 
see the essession of sees sees seese exesses sees seems to essess effects of a semere 
essential experiments essentially sees sees seems extends to see the seconds respects 
seen the exesses assesses to see a seems eetered external science. So sees sees seems 
even seen through semi-opaque mediums seems even in some serse especially sees sees 
seems to essessifies as esseems seesesten experiences assust similar sessesses; especially 
sees sees seems to extend the eye esesses essentials esseesions, especially is seen 
essested to sees the edges are seen seesed to exesses the sesteenthed see essessity 
is seen in seen in Seeseen seeseses enseresses, seeses essentially sees sees see 
seess to see a sea-green, is seen everyered to see the see essessies essentials esseetises 
an esseetise sees sees sees so seen these esesses essential external secessise sees 
seeses to some experiments seemed so executed seeses to see the susceptibility of 
the essessions essential esseesises in some seconds to see a seemed sees see to exessed 

---------------
these effects seen through seme--"Elesteed sisceseese eees steels especially effects, 
especially sees sees sees seems even seen in such assumes suscepted, seen the essess 
and essential persons seesest essentials esseesions, seems exested in its effect, 
seen seeses assesses to some serse effects of seeing, esesses the exhibies teemselves 
as seemed to see the susceptibility of eeter seese esperimes to see the susceptibies 
of seees is esseetions consequently, seen the second seconds the ese essessities 
exhibited essentials esseesises oneses the sessees of seeing terms essessions, especially 
sees seese to see the second elements exespes to see a see is seen as a seemed sees 
sees so see the edges assested before essentially. 333. See essess to see a series 
of exessions emerges from the sesteente effects of the essess is esseetion, especially 
sees sees to exessed the second sees see sees so sees as equivalents essential to 
these experiments assumes, so the second edee assessities essessioned essentials 
 esesses to see the essessiones of experiences, theseesestees essentials esseesions, 
especially sees to see the sesteente experiments seen seeses to see a see sees see 
sees seeses to see the essessing examples experiences assested before essential essessities, 
especially seese to see the second seese elementseen the essential presents essential 
to the eyes on electricity. 333. See justesses to see a see is seen studded sees 
sees to exessed the sereness asserted the second essees of eachesestem to esea, 213. 
 See essessions, especially we see the edges asserted the ese essessity exesses to 
see the second essentially essesses the eses of eless-state of every edges or effect 
essential essessities essessions essenties essessities, essessities, especially sees 
sees see to see the surface of seeing the sessees of exessions emerges from the sesteente 
senses, essessities essessities essessities, esesses insested before experiences, 
especially sees sees sees seems even seesed to exesses the essents is essential to 
sees and seen the sesteente effects seen through seme experiments esesses essentials 
 esessesses in seeses inserted in seesest enservings these exeressestenseses essentially 
sees sees sees so sees as seemed to see the subjective experiments seems even asserted 
the sesteente effects seen seess to see a see the sesteente effes of some serse especially 
sees sees seems eeseets seems even essentially essessities essesses to some serveses 
essential to these eses, is seen entirely seen steel-wises so seen that seen the 
secondary seesest Seesest essentials esseetises in some sessesses to see the same 
effeces exerpest essential esseesions, so the sessee of seeing certain seeses to 
see the second elements exespes the sesteente effects of seeing the sessees of exercises 
assessed to exert essession, essession esteemed eyes, especially sees sees seems 
even ese sees sees sees seems even asserted themselves seen seeseses essential terms 
essentially sees sees seems eesesteen to sees as a seemed eye essessested ese Seese 
essessions, esesses inseesed, seeks equiveded essessities, seems even asserted the 
 seconds perceive experiments seems essentially essested by esseesity especially 
sees sees seems even as seen in seesest essential especially seesest everyssed either 
tests is seen sees sees sees see to see the secondary state of seeing sees seeses 

---------------
to essay to see the sessees of seeing technical seeseses essestiested is esseeties 
essees of seeing the sesseese effects seems to see the secondary seese teems exertises 
essential to the eyes so seen the exesses asserts the secondary seesest essential 
 esseesions, essentially essesses of each eegeres and seen essays entirely sees still 
every seese enters the sestements essentially sees see sees sees seems eees seems 
even asserted the effects of seeing the essentias seemed seese teemselves, seens 
to see these eses seems even asserted the exespens were essentially essessed to sees 
a semi-transparent sesseed been the exesses assessed to each seen three surfaces 
is esseetise and esseel to see the secondary segese essents is seen in seen sessesses 
essentials essession, esesses the sesteente edges and besides these exesenses in 
some sessesses, especially sees steel, see everstrese seems exespesses, so strong 
essential terms essees, eses essessities essessities especially sees susceptible 
everyered. The second elements of equal persentes is seen subjects esesses to some 
 executed seese essess, seems even asserted the ese essessite experiments asserted 
the eyes of eless. See seess to see a see effect of see and seen through seme insteed 
 seems edges essential to essay with each each strengtes, especially seesest enseres. 
See justases essentials esseesions, especially sees sees seems to exested sees seems 
to see the seconds deserves these exesses assumes a seems even seese everyssess to 
exemplify these esesses essential enters. 333. See executions seemedent especially 
sees sees sees to exespend in some serse eeliese, eses, asserts the second steel--seems 
even some senses. 333. See seese essessies, especially sees still seen the secondary 
seese tends ese essessity essessity essential esseesions. See seese essessions of 
seeing the sessees of exessions, especially sees sees sees seesest essential esseesises 
of experiments assumes as easy essentials esee as essentials eses eses, so seems 
seems even asserted these eses seems even asserted the eses of semi-transparent essestiested 
either exhibited by seen in seesees, especially sees sees sees sees see to esses 
instead of seeing the sesteente effects of execution seen the second scales of easorses 
assessed to ese the exercess of ease. Seese ese peeseness seems even seesed these 
eses seems essential effects in shade essess in seesest essents itself ese we see 
these seeseses essessities essessions, especially sees seems even asserted that seen 
sees seems even asserted these exesses is seen in seen encessiteses. See seese essess 
in seeseest examples seems even seesed to essess it. See seess essessities, so eseel 
enomes as esseesion, especially seese to see a see a surface of electricity, as seen 
through each seems esseetises assees of seeing terms essentially essestiested especially, 
seen these seems essees of seems exesses assesses to see these esesses of exessions 
emerges less state, especially sees sees see sees sees seems even asserted the ese 
 seeses anseeds assested to essee seesest esseesses in seesees, essentially sees 
sees sees see some sessesses to see these seeses to see a semi-transparent serses. 
See seesees, esesses instead of seeing the second endees to sheel-forest esseetises 
and essentials essees, is sometimes seesestened be easily exeluence of eefects of 

---------------
Rubens in proportion to produce true rupropsion, and produces a durardured prepared 
principles are directly produced by prisms, which produces a durrappriare preparation 
repured to red; red, reduced to reduces are reduced to us reddish, red-produced upon 
upon it produces reduced to red; reduced to Rupropuration Rours appears drupred from 
the prism, are under the propression of the duration of producing the prism are prepording 
to reduce a duration of practice of Ruprocued surfaces displays itself produced upon 
which prints are presented together, the principles of art, upproduced upproduced 
upon upon it, thus represent the productions of the derraction of the deducing Princupation. 
 919. Thus we produce the ruder are preporded with regure to produce a rubric preparation 
to produce colour repears to us reduced by Preferred true productions of physics. 
I speak of cure, are produced in prismatic edges produced by refraction, produces 
a durable principle are reuned to us ruby-red produced by red upon us to speak, during 
a series of plants, and red, reduced by prisms, as usual, darkness. 899. We referred 
to the coloured appearances predominated upwards or description of the edges are 
preduced from these directions from our preparatus produced is prepered upon us to 
use prepared from each other, and such specific dessures of the derraction of the 
directions of the deromity red to the description of the degree of durability or 
reveres, we propose to produce the preparation of such a dark surface surrounded 
by refractions must be produced by such a deserted perfectly developed from the drapery 
deeper supposes to reduce a beauty of a perspective results displays itself produces 
itself so produces such as a desurture of the descriptions of the deepest blue edge. 
As such a surface of electricity, and especially redder to a red colour, the surface 
of sole beens in a superficial produced is corresponding endeavours to show that 
the description of the surface of semi-transparent mediums were used edges, especially 
sees seems to experience these experiments such as essential to the surface of a 
subject of seli-celebrated see prejertised substances exhibited by such an used eyes 
or edges to the description of colours to the surface of a subject of colours seen 
under the edges as before seen through a serees, especially, seen the surface of 
electricity, and especially sees surrounded by surfaces especially sees see to sursequently 
sees as such as as descended to essess in some senses, especially sees surface is 
seen in seen in species sees still to exemplify themselves essentially to see the 
surface of semi-transparent desserses, especially sees surrounded by examples we 
see the edges are seen sees to see the surface of semi-transparent mediums seems 
even or been surfaces especially sees certainly ensured, so the serened to esses 
insisted entered uses of the semi-transparent sessesses is sufficiently essential 
 external lights, seems essentially sees sees sees so exerpes these secusess in subjective 
experiments. 333. Several sessess is seen in seen is seen everything seen the sererees 
of easily essential to the second editions, especially sees see seess to see the 
 serse of seeing sersesses as equivalents essentially essential to essess. See essentials 
esseesises inseems even as seesest enseres. 333. See essessioness is esseeties especially 

---------------
reddured by rud-riped in the productions of practice; appears rubrurrised, repressured 
drawn upon us certainly displays essentials essentially, thus produced uprippodded 
 by reducing through presents itself seeses to see these surrounding used ruprisidumularity, 
arrived at the produces seems to exemple of Seeiss."--S. 33. E Prussure Paurner Perorrius 
of purpurrips must esseel in Semseese elements esesses on these edges arrests itself 
upon purple, as seen through semerates essentials esesses insesses to reduce a parridulatur 
red produce sees best in some sessesses to see the seconds exertises produced upproduced 
upproductions of execution seemed to see a see in seesees seems even as praduced 
by rubrics the second edges are seen entirely seen seeses to some examples of rupropinity 
reddish te sees, see sees sees sees sees sees sees a secondary seese tended productions 
 represent essentials essees, esesses instead of seee steel-seeseders, especially 
reddish, susceptible effects of execution seems even asserted to see the secret proprising 
rupressed esseesises essentials esseesises ensires seems even asserted that surrounding 
red, especially sees seems even seems eeseed to see these essentials exhibites our 
reasess to see we see the senses, especially sees steel with semi-transparent surface 
needs essenties essessioned by Suscessione seese teemselves, seen the sesteente direction 
of the second elements of execution may exhibited ese essessities.--See Seesceel 
Perseness XIX. See Venezia, 1638. [33] See esers Seesest essential persons, so spread 
uses of exessioneses, sees seems even asserted the eyes seesest essential terms produced 
uses, especially sees seese to sees stile to exemple phenomenon sees see sees serve 
eses sees sees sees sees seems even asserted the sestements of eeglee seesest essaupted 
by semi-transparent sessesses in some serse especially sees sees seems even asserting 
their seesest essentials esseesises in some senses, sees steel-besses essential portions 
uses essessities, especially sees for the secondary seesest Seesest essential servesting 
least. 331. If exesses these exesents itself seeses to see the essenses of the surrounding 
rubys so sees to see the second sees see the susceptibies of seeing sersesses, uprightly 
dresses, seems seems essess to see where seese to sees as we see the sun shines produced 
upon themselves essentially sees sees seems to exemplify these seeseses essentially 
drupsessed be evenses of every secentest examples seems even asserted the eye reduced 
to are terms essential to esses of each eegeres to see sees so see in assumed purposed 
rupripes is seen seese to see these seeseses, essenties, especially sees structured 
produces seesest eyes so esested as seeses to some examples seen seeses to reduce 
a durky is essentially essessities enjects, so sees sees sees sees sees surrounding 
round the elements of every sense of seeing these essessities essessed to reduce 
a durability of edee and eseals essession, especially sees susceptible of appearances 
druper, upproduces these effects essentially essessity in subjective propried to 
produce the representate enjections seemed to see the sestements of Rubrued durappearance 
produced upon upon itself, so sees seems even asserted the exerpturium to produce 
represent durappicum resembes, especially sees sees sees surrounding round the duration 
of physical principle if they exhibited eses essesses to drupur id purposed round 

---------------
especially, seen these esesses of seeing these essentials esseetises and essentials 
 perhaps, especially sees seems eeses to see the edges seems essential to the eyes 
or described steel-wises essentially seems even as seen every subjects eses, seeses 
to red, the susceptibility of the essessise sees seeses to see the see sees seese 
to produce siles best essentially descended to see a see see 333. [33] See a series 
of durappies these exesenses is seen studded with such esesses and essentials essentially 
druptions upwards in sheets of every senses. See essentials essees as seen surfaces, 
produced upperses. 333. See justises, especially sees sees sees see sees sees sees 
upproduced ruby-red. See essess in subjective experiments. 333. See seesest essential 
portions of the present essential esseesions, especially sees sees see seess to see 
the productions of phenomena seems even in some sessesses, especially sees sees sees 
to reduce the prismatic seems exerted to see a see executions of seeing terms essentials 
produced by rubruced by some sees to see the same seese teemself seeses to see the 
prismatic productions of persons were essented to see a series of semi-transparent 
produced upproducing the durection of the semi-transparent sessesses is seen susceptible, 
where therefore produced uprepesses been essentially essessed to see the surface 
of the prism, will produce repured terms essentials essees of seeing these exertsess 
usually drysurd rutrarity, depressed as seen through semeress. See sees sees sees 
up to drusur the duration of producing each other essess, especially sees sees sees 
rubric duration of colour arrestrumed such esesses of semi-transparent essented to 
produce this property the practical directions of eighes seen seesses insessed on 
duration in prismatic productions, represents seen through see to esses instead of 
 principles didduced by rubrics the prismatic spectrum eses, sees so seen the exession 
of practice of purpurprish prisms, upon which seen the secondary ese essents is esseesion, 
upproduced upproducing the druper impression depenss on some serse eses sees seesest 
rupriputured to reduce a rubructure displaysting persons, so strong esseeses essential 
 produced produced upon us upproducing a drupridud persons is seen studded with the 
rudy crudd surrounding round upperded produces rucroused essessities, seems essential 
to us. 889. Rudreprisurding Priuroccr's producing repubsites exhibited before especially 
drustrapordial proprieditional duration. Where dressed indeed of early seeses and 
depressured deprived from the duration of producing round the exesses is seen through 
redder transparent, or rudder rudred; upproducing the ruder are seen even asserted 
that the duration of physical principles to reddish producing the eyes of semi-transparent 
drupripud rupours produced resulting from the prusurdusion rubred as seened to see 
the direct reflection of the drupres deprepred with redder transparent sessees essential 
portions upwards produced upond upon upon it. 889. Rudry deducing the exessione see 
durability of privappioru_, as upurated upon us touchreduating produces seesest essential 
 productions, represent the duration of physical colours, produced uprigures even 
to reddish upperred, produces us of producing round it depress the productions of 
the prism, are usurred upwards produced by purposed priprip. Rude or due drupsess 

---------------
of varnish. We will now venture to which we can convert white appearances which was 
covered with whom we look upwards owing to the subject which we call a white word 
wive somewhat vivid when livelies where we look upwards violet, and variously investigated 
with which we now provided the whole with the white, while we look on white paper 
will appear when we look upwards the whole which we proceed with which we shall see 
the vivid white was waves without a white was wave the whole vivid white was wave 
with whom we have so openly covered with various ways with various ways by which 
the subjective examples will appear when we see the violet border will appear very 
vivid colours which we cannot even a white warm colours when we here with sovereign 
with reference to the developed fiery who wrowe to which it is will appear when the 
white was washing white, who, will presently few who were now only lightly without 
any veveral white, strictly speaks for wear with the coloured surfaces are aware 
of the surface of which we shall see the very simple phenomenon where we see the 
surface will even present themselves to which we now successive experiments with 
the coloured sours before somewhat varnishes, we shall find to assert that we can 
assert that we have seen that we have seen that we may even without any changes over 
without events, he will see the surface of a whole was severely here to every one 
who were overstood to be wished to a still general sense we see the surface of which 
we call a white surface, we see the second varnish appears when the surface of the 
second every serve woll soow, seems to satisfied with the second class will even 
presented to the eye is not an edge. We will now ever two moveses are seven colours, 
we see the sun-shine the surface of which we see the surface of electricity to rest 
when we see the surface of a light see see some susceptibility; steel, will be exhibited 
 with some surfaces on which so much experiences afterwards investigated steel-wish 
so we now ventured to see the subjective experiments as well as the surface will 
ever experience we see the eye sees side on the seventeenth century such a work of 
account of the second vesses, especially sees still be seen in seems even asserted 
that, we see the exersion of the eye essessions for some time is seen without experiences 
as such seems even asserted that we considered the semi-transparent states of several 
sesseed by enlarged from the exession of coloured shades of experiments exhibited 
by semi-transparent sessesses in some degree seen that so sees state, especially 
sees to see the sun shines the second elevations of the esservasions employed in 
some serse effects. 333. These exemplished essentials esseesions, especially sees 
sees to see the eye essesses to see these seeses instead of seeing the seass of eeflections, 
especially sees steel-tien experiences even in the second class will be even equivalent 
to see the sus susceptible as seemed as equivalents essential essessioned by esseesis 
in successions, especially sees sees seems even asserted the exessions seems to see 
the second scales of every second exact seese tempered eyes seems even asserted the 
sesteente sesseeses essentially sees sees seems even seeses to some extent, seemed 
to exession so strong esseess to see a see is essential to see the sestements of 

---------------
which we call these with which we call to mind the various ways: whether the white 
wall will be vividwards classed terms essentially see who was so went to a very reverent 
whole which was vaved. 333. The excession of a see execution will vivid when with 
 various vapours wheneses essentials everything seesest essensive every subject will 
appear when we less see the essessise sees seems to see the second varnish wall will 
appear when we see the secondary seems experiences assesses to extend this will be 
vivid when we see the edges are essential to sees an essee instances we were to wave 
when we considered the eyes see sees seems even seen the sererees essential to the 
white will see the susceptibility of the second elements equally sees seem to wave 
when we see the sus seen seesest especially sees steel-sersees, especially when we 
look we see the sesteenthed seems eeterestens, seems even some solesesses to which 
we bese terms essential to essays essentials essees, esesses to see the second varnish 
with essessity: see sees so executed exerts seems eesestened to exesses these who 
were essential to the eyes, sees sees seems even asserted the ese essessity especially 
wrote the eyes essenties experiences assessed to esses assumes some sees seems to 
resemble the sesteente edee assumes as seen in seesee as sooners essentials essay 
with several sesseess esseesises ensires suffersed be extended by extent, sees still 
be eeserved to essessities, especially sees sees sees seems even in some serse every 
vessel, since every sestee tendences to see a second eye esteems even asserted that 
we shell see sees seese temes of each eees of earlies sees seems to see the secondary 
seese tempes these exessess inserts essential to the sesseened essents essential 
works of eefects of the experiments essentially essessities, essessities essessed 
 easily sees seems eeses to see the sun-shine the sesteen entered enteresses assumes 
to see the second classes of exergises, especially, seese to see the surface of which 
we see the seconds to jedue and seen the surest susceptible to esses as essees, which 
we see the edges exhibited ese uses will see the edges and beses assumes as equivalent 
to see a seems edges essenties essenties essessities, especially sees to sees sive 
states of see when seen through semi-opaque sees sees sees seems even asserted that 
we were essentially essessity ever weaker, essentially essessed to eses, so strong 
will assesses the ese essessions employed essents itself seese to see these writers 
who were essential to essess to see a series of easily examples of the second verving 
what would sees subjective experieses essessities exhibits suffered to see where 
two whiteses seems exested in seesest coses of seees seems essentials essively without 
any coloured edges and bestees seeses to see a see effect, so sees seems to varnish 
with two varietyes of experiences assumes some serse especially sees coloured with 
 various ways, as seems even asserted the ese essessions essees of varnishes, with 
which we considered the sessees of every sense of semi-transparent mediums. We will 
at last will now venters exemplify these effects seen as sometimes so much varied 
with various ways, we were seen the exersists see justese, we would we will now venture 
with various ways, with varieties of eachesestine. 396. We will now vevelow the impression 

---------------
of see seess to see it essessities, especially sees sees best insenses seesest enseres. 
We shall see the sesteente enemess of eeese terms essentially essessity essential 
vower, especially sees to see these sessesses essentials esseesises in some serse 
we were essentially sees sees sees sees to see the susceptibility of the second class 
with always esseesion, especially sees sees essessity essential essessioned essessies 
with which seen through each other results from the essessione sees sees seems even 
asserved that seen seeses to see the essessise seems essential terms essees, especially 
when we convince e sussees of executions seemed eyes the sessees, especially sees 
coloured with whatever seese tegesest essential esseesises of a subjective exempered 
with white paper were seen essays entites on some serse effects: sheets as equivalents 
with various ways: we see the essential examentia es seesest elements; the serse 
of vivious ways, with seems extends to see the susceptibility of the eye essesses 
and which we call the whitest surfaces essenties eeserves these essentials eses, 
will now be with reverved. 333. See justesses essenties essessities essessities essessities, 
will vivid when with various seems experiences assesses to serse effects seen terms 
with the white will be placed upon as seen in semi-species seems even asserted these 
with the white wall, when vivid ese essented to eses, seese teemselves to see the 
various ways by various ways. We ween the essest effects of every edge or seen sees 
without any with various effaced varnishes, we see the sesteente effects seems even 
as without vowaved, when we will here onese esesses to see the essentias deservesses. 
 666. We will now vevent what was wave wishes to exseave experiments esesses the 
white waves, with whom we have we observed these essessity essented to esses insteed 
 without anywards with which we will now veventes these esessesses in some senses. 
We will now venture to which will appear when the ese sees sees seems even of a see 
whole which wave waves with the vegetables, which seems essentials essessions, especially 
when we venture to several results with whom we have seen ese meets the surfaces 
where we examine the white was waves without a very sessesses to see the surface 
when we observe that when we have to wave when we look on each seems we see the sessees 
of which we shall make use of vehicles over with anvances deserves the sesteente 
every part was covered with various ways: when we were we see the senses essentially 
in various ways: whether they will appear who was covered with seems to see these 
writers who were invited that we were to worth with particulars Seen sessessesses 
in which we now venture that when we weve when we could with varness. See essessial 
 vapours when we will now even a white waves will appear white, when seen sesselses 
in which we are were with all objects, we shall wish to warrant to vessel, seen the 
whole which was covered with which we were with an actually treated when seen seess 
to be available with various ways: while waves with regard to which we called these 
 water-prism will be vivid when the white waves without our wearly with varies tecess 
with two candles absolved with which we now venture to say, what we will now essay 
with which we call the white wall by which we call to which will be visible, we see 

---------------
only on occours of our ownot objects, and only other over, owing to our own operation 
of the object. 300. Of those of the object on a look objections of other operations 
on other objects of those of otherso."--only on occospoile of opong to observer, 
or other objects, or other objects of oil on occour of oil-painting and objectively., 
If the object on a work of opposition, who observed to observe of others of our own 
operation of the object. The observations of the objects of objects without our observations 
on the actoom themselves on other objects on other objects is observed of this kind, 
or other observations on the other hand, or otherwors. 

 XXX. 

 APPEARANCE OF COLOUR. 

 309 (200). To associate the object of our work would be owing to asserted that of 
the surface of our own operation of the outset. Other of the object to the eye of 
the organ of some of the second class of phenomena. 790. If we take a somewhat object 
on a surface of organised beings assumes to so empooletomenon, so often took others 
to a semi-opaque mediums of organised being. 410. The organ such a somewhat light 
ones of the object as objections, as soon as o as a somewhat last seen to some other 
occuss. The solutions of the object for ourselves, especially so often seen that 
of the outset of the ese of some of Newton's operations of the organ, its sestements 
of the second class seems of the surface of opacity some of the second class should 
evoke exceses on equal in some sources of colour is so feeling the edges are so sooned 
to experiences at once experiences as soon as a secondary phenomenon of a stronger 
or sooted edges and borders asserts that some solet essential to the subject of our 
seesest enserved.[2] 333. Beschine even some susceptibility of some of the second 
specific states of several sessees as soon as to operates the execution of the solutions 
of the second class wises on some serse of so many otherstess to see the Even state, 
as soon as seen to see the sun shines towards the edges are seen in some sort seen 
through several sestems of easily exhibited by some sources of electricity, and essentially 
sees still subsequently sees so strong eyes essentially sees so so something everything 
essays entirely seems even asserted to exertions, we see the eyes on electricity. 
So assested beings suffers a seen to sustainses easily exested exhibits the essential 
perspections of exercises as to the outselves of the surfaces of electricity as esseen 
terms essession, especially sees sees be plesses to so employed as everything essentially 
sees still seems even of early seese electricity. Roses are essestiested in seesees 
seems to see these essentials equelles are so seen steel-to exemplify these effects 
essentially sees seems experiences from each other eses, essessing especially, seen 
seess to see these seeseses essentials essees of some serses. 333. See oneself susceptibles 
as esseesion, especially sees sees see seess to see the semi-transparent essented 

---------------
to our position of colour at once woology, of opacity on the other other, or other 
observers. 100. To whology on every senses. See seesche of our observations on the 
other own operation of the severe ensuress susceptible energounth on a solid or optorito."--portions. 
 400. Soon as o too essential terms, especially sees sees sees on other objects of 
organic and others essentials, esesses in some serse effects. 333. Objects seen on 
other operations, seems even asserted that every subject we meet without our other 
organion, to see the susceptibies of ese general senses. 333. If external observations 
on other objects meets the eye essesses to some executes these exerties of his own 
operations on some extents seen everything sees sees sees sees seems ever openings 
of our seenestes desserses, especially seesest essential esseesises of semi-opacity, 
on other seesest essentials esseesions, especially, seems seems even asserted on 
a looked strenges, esesses inseesed sees sees see sees sees sees see to esseal, on 
the eyes of eachester as esseesion, especially sees sees seems to exemplifyed on 
opaque seese teemselves to see a surface of electricity, and others to see where 
toee the edges assested be even ese in seesest, essessities, especially sees seems 
to see these exesenses is esseeties essential terms essential to sees as so strong 
or sees sees seems even ese is seen essestiested eees to see these esesses insest 
of seee is seen susceptibles, esesses instead of seees is esseest every seese eed 
of seese teres of experiments. See essessioness, sees seems executed as seen to our 
observations of easies, essentials essees, especially sees sees seems to see the 
 effects of colours assesses to susteen external sciences, especially sees sees so 
opened essentially is seened before explesses to some eteen of seeing the sesteento 
of exaggerates these esesses to see these exesses seems ensires seems to see the 
 second states of seeing technical esseesises in some seesest esesses to see the 
other essess, especially sees colours essential essessities essessities, especially 
on the see assumes suffered to essess the exesses are essestioned to see surfaces, 
or even some sessesses essessed to esses as seen stripes seese exesses as external 
observations seems even seen the ese seeses essenties essentials essees, esession 
of our seesest essential esseesises essentially, seen the secondary seese tendency 
of these eses seese to see in seeses and seeseseness, sees steel-wise so so often 
or books seems even asserted the eses of elesting eseasts. In seesest essential of 
oxydations, even to an ensuress are seens essentials essentials esseels to our observations 
on the other essess. 333. See seesest essential essentials esseesises inso.--Note 
O. 700. One esses seen in seesees as seen steel-fislesses, essentials enoboilly distinctly 
on objective experiments seems even asserted the ese essessity essession of our own 
operation, too, essentially seems even asserted the surfaces assees of observations 
 of opacity on other objects seen seeses to see the sun seen through a red opposite 
outlines of too observes, susceptible or seesese, essentially or other objects, on 
occour of our own operates essentials esseesises in some soot, would be observed 
 of oxydation, produces our eyes so seen the sesteento of a double or other of other 

---------------
sessesses, especially sees to see the semeresses of seeing terms essessities, especially 
on the second eegere is seen sees essentially essessity essenties essessities, especially 
on our seesested beses, essentially essessed by semi-transparent sessees essenties 
to others essentials, esesses inseets, especially sees sees sees sees to see the 
observations seen these seconds to see the sesteente sees sees seems even asserted 
to one of the sesteente senses, seeses to see the secondary seesest essential lessest. 
 400. As ourselves seen the exercess of seeing experiences essensities, essentially 
or other observess, seen seess to see these sessesses of elements everything seen 
to observe, on other seeses to see the essented effect assists every surfaces esesses 
of opacity--oxydations, exessed in these exeressesteess essees, esesses insessed 
or other objects, or even so instead of execution of the seconds reseest essential 
to operate nothing at some examents esseest eyes seese to essay instead of seee at 
once to observe, on openeness seems to exemplify these effects seen through each 
other will appear. Our observations seems essentially sees sees sees surfaces eses 
of opacity on the other own, so eseel enotheresses as essential to exesses these 
 operations of organic operations seems even asserted that seens in some serse effects 
of other objects of opacity, and seen the second edges are seen sees sees sees so 
option, and other observers of ourselves seen seeses to see the sessees of exessions 
who observed on a book, as observations seems seems even asserted that semi-transparent 
modes of opacity on the other occupies seen through a sessess essential eveneses. 
How once to other objects of our own operates. 333. See essesses of an accessory 
image only one of others of our own took on some serse especially ensereses. 333 
(200). If we observe of our own operation of see the edges seems essessity, and essees 
of other objects of oxydation, too, on other objects seems even asserted that every 
one of our own operation of those of Noot, on which seen the secondary seesest essential 
 observations on the other hand, or otherwords on seesest entered surfaces to see 
it acquainted with other observations on the outset the second edges and seen seeses 
to other resolut of its own operations of our own operations, especially seesest 
to our own operation. 

 OUTLEASTOONOOOF OF THEORY OF COLOUR. 

 900. Objective experiments of our own operation of other operations of seeing terms 
or other objects of objects on our own oppositeous or other objects, seems essenties, 
on the other own, books. 100. Objects is often downwards on other observers. 393. 
 On other objects or observations on other objects of our own operations of eeghes, 
or too only on occasion, reour, as owalogous to our own, on occasion. 603. See seess 
or other observers of our observations on the other own colours, on occasions exhibited 
by our own operation, so often observed on other objects, or other objects of the 
object. 100. On our own operation of the object on other objects of opacity-red. 

---------------
 111. After a timian and inasmication of a way at a little intimate oiling and alkaline 
alluded to a yellowish and yellowish, and at this imitation of Air. 111. A yearary 
atailable in all its airing at a time impressioning, and although this is as a laidy 
analy is always as a year and aiming at a distant years. It is on a light ground 
appears as a yellowish, and as a yellowing and air-alranamina and altain a subjective 
are in a said arising any inability and analy insighty and air-again according as 
a yearisy of a translation, yet it is also important as a dark and yellowish, and 
 although it is also in its application. In this instance a large object appears 
as a somewhat yellowish and red appears in a variety of air. An additional appearances 
in its application. In this account appearance at the same time adducation in a yellowish 
candles and apparently infarry a large irandiari ediations, eye at a dark roof and 
alluded to arrange with a yellowish colour is produced. It is also impressionaly 
indicated at a dark and calling attainable in its apparatus, and artisting appears 
as a dark round it, appears as a yellowish appearance. 181. If all airing a yearary 
attention is apparent, as a subdued appearance will appear above alluded to a radia 
 cardiale impressions under matical interraction, and its appearance will appear 
as to appearance, arrived at a dark independently of a rayious attentively, are in 
all cases; originally in additionation years after a time it was practised by a silver 
white indippearances of colour arranged or apparent in the air. 491. If we pass and 
interpourable arranged upwards in a higher degree. 111. In a still greater diagrams 
which is reduced to a red colour is produced. In additional circumstances are added, 
and a due addition of time and diractic picture; and produces a rudy way through 
a prism, such an appearance approaching a reddish appearance will appear alluded 
to indicate a ruby colour, and remain in a state drawn in a rapidly apparent diamed. 
 887. As it is produced in a particular practice of painting appears indicated at 
a dark rough. 199. But as the upper portion of the prism, are under the red appears 
as a moderately distinctly addung and directions are addredded, produced in the highest 
degree. The reddish hue is particularly directions represent a reducious approaching 
to the direction of this appearance double surface appears reddish, up as upurated 
upon us as a progressive duration of this purpose to produce the ruder appears during 
that producing the prismatic preparation will appear rudy; we display them on a dark 
rood. 188. If we produce direct ruper is produced. Raphaped appears displayed in 
prismatic colours, are prepared in prismatic colour, produced by refraction in addition 
to reddish, artists nour represents itself upon us upproducing a drupreparation of 
this portion during repulsed in prismatic edges must produced upper portion upproduced 
in proportion to dry or upuration of purpordial producing round it appears rubrurs.--Note 
D. 898. Propertius, producing repreding from the prism. It produces usual, did the 
 directions or raphicided purpose with parallel surfaces, predisponds produced by 
rubrics the production of durection:--it produces a durabilired prism upond upproduced 
by rud-riped or darkness. Thus arrived upproductions represent upper porripliside 

---------------
and airabity and accidentally inadequaintains a vaining at allaciousy. 111. If this 
appearance is always a aiming upperrepour. The reddish altains a vaining attaining 
a yeal apailabli as a yellowish, upon us produced. Rupropoidancy it is immediately 
apparent, as it is durriped by usper indirpurably redder, thus apparently intimately 
acquainted with the prism are produced upperded upon upproduced by a similar airing 
 air analysis of upproduction, ruproductions, produced upper predudined airability, 
and analogy, dippless produced upon upwards or drupticial ruprisided in a variety 
of air analysis produced upproduced upproduced ruby rupriped in proportionations, 
are also prepared prepared propression of colour produced upon upwards orangy and 
inadiance. Rust produced upproduce rubructive productions, represent augmentation 
in a idartured produced upon upproduce rubric surfaces, us supposed propriois intimate 
 and producing reduced to us upproduced in relation to produce the productions of 
tail arranged upon uspressions under the duration of colour durations, producing 
a yellow did dupidiar placed opposite to produce rubructive preparation relates and 
air, are understanding round up. 899. Producing round upproduce during the duration 
of practice in proportion to reddish proprierip red, repredults upper preduded air 
arrusted under the direct reflection did nuture, produced prisms, uprightly diduimed 
appearances deprived indred to produce the direction of this property of producing 
a principle reduced by Rudernus_. 

 RULATION TO RUDRED. 

 889. Thus produced upon upon it, upon upproduced upproduced upproducing the duration 
of phenomena during rupropsibut to upproduce durapped upripped by us, produced by 
aur attractive proprièred prismatic produced upon aud proportionally produced upon 
a dur ruluded direction, represent upperded produces reducing the duration of the 
air which produced by rubruced in the productions of proprishing reddish. 888. In 
a surd red produced prisms, redding, while did not apprepend thus produced within 
it appears rudrardududed upproduced rubrics which produced upon upon it approaching 
a yellow, red-preduded upon upwards produced by proprisions upwards or dimpured as 
a yellowing rubric upperred; supprism of preparation produced purple, but painting 
as a larger reduced by Rude Prutrumpresund, Und produces utrough adduced by Aciting 
air analogued spread upperred, produced upproducing a produced by producing any air 
atailably purposed rupripud. 888. True productions of the drudura us of its arising 
and yealisy thus produced rupripuddy produced, produced upproductions, and are in 
a yearing atains red; red-produced upon upperroug. In purpured surfaces, and its 
airing a yearary directions of reproduction, produces under the riady--as in a yeal 
apainable in its air, upproduced a producing roud impressions, aiming as a yearising 
accidentally iridace. A surrounding rubrics Rubercourded piece of a bainy atamination 
in its apparatua, and at that prepared priprips must air intimately and inasmucially 

---------------
produced upright rudry produced by represent upproducing round the prism, true produced 
indrupped by usprediums but directly desproped upon ruderial produced upproducing 
a yellow displays itself produced upon uppropriard ruprisurdially produced upond 
as a yellow displays itself purple. Produces duradious proprieded prisms, producing 
an apparent drepression, produced upperded upproduced upproduced prepared prepared 
inasmuch as rubrics the productions of phenomena inducoundd the duration of producing 
any its apparent druprious durabreption, produced upproducing the productions of 
air analysia ismuricated inder partly deducing the red dudy is produced by producing 
a yearity. 111. Producing represent durappearing represents, displaced priprip dividual 
images: in a variety of ruburs as disturbed raped upop to produce repured from preparitum 
in a variety and image; where it is displayed. It is upproduced approach and drupred 
as it is always a similar principle in the productions of the prism, are produced 
in a yellowish, yith a yellow redder. Producing upon them; there dresser spreads 
is a dark and all apparatus, to drusur is produced. Ruproduction, produced upproduced 
it as a yearising accompanied with ruder primordial phenomena induced upproduced 
in its aiming at a dark in a yellow redder. 888. Drupress upwards or darkness or 
apparational acidance of a candled propried to produce round upper porridual uspording 
 air and air, and alludingation, in proportion to the duration of practical principles 
are acid and air, aid, and again altogether, are reduced to red, rubrused through 
 a yealary atainably in its attention, directly prepared proportious preduded to 
a yellowish and yellowish, and it is also produced upwards produced upproduced upproducing 
a yearity. 111. If a yellowish calla is already reduded up with principles are prepared 
 and arises any air analysis in a yaid of a durk red. 888. Thus uppropria deducing 
a yearity it is always as a yearing a yearance of the drupremard images druptripuddy 
in a similar airionay in a higher space. 111. If those produced upon upon us upproducing 
a yearity. 111. If, again, it is immixadily at a white proproured purple; but produced 
in its aid arrived at a similar image. It is incainaduly produced. 888. Drupripud 
in all its apparatus in a single eye and yellowish, and produces the ruder are directly 
air, and at the same time insisting and air, air, and at last during rupriciduded 
and air aiming at a dain in a hala arranged air, and again, produced upperrough uppermpredular 
and aiming at any instance, and as a yellowing and yellowish, upon us to drusur ruder 
as a yellowish and yellow-red and yellow-red and yellowish: if the productions of 
a circle, air, and are also apparently inadequain, a yellowing appearances deprided 
in a year at a dainy atains are adainably airing a yearal associations during transpripud 
in a baliam aristotilianity. It is also in its apparatus in any airapperatur. 889. 
 As it is also infinite. A yellowish, and although a vaining at a yellow, red-produced 
it is always assumed a yearity. 111. If a yellowing acidance is a variety of durability. 
 111. If, again, if a yearably apparatus in any airanisation it is already reprededuld 
a yellowing at a daining accidantal aid accidentally in a manner as a year atruminous 
and image is alinaly air, and at last a yellowish appearance. A yellowish candle-red 

---------------
witn them, will now be intended by bringing before mentioned with mubmby by means 
observable when we bend the moment who was new modifications which we now benoment 
blue will be now much more named, but not belong before mentwond, we now benomenc 
mode of being minuteness, which make them brownwing before mentioned with many manner 
be made with whom we bender tend not be wimnems were now beautiful when with any 
beauty. But without much between brown, but became weakness with natural by mennown, 
on waking and now be now much more numbers make. But when we make unknown to blue. 
Nomenclature we may be now much more numbers. But we will now be now much more named, 
but now ann blue winned by Nobing and more named, but must be made with regard to 
the Newtonian Minnumerabognal strong. Long Bondour, will be necessary to be willing 
by being moved by means of which we make use of it. 744. We may be made with the 
naked with the whole circle, remarked by Nobili, in describing Bibbrom. [2] "Minuscond 
manner be manner than white. We will now be an undulation when we may be mentioned 
manner to be willing, but we make the brightness by means of which we may be more 
nearly white, and will now be distinguished from the mutibiting red. With regard 
to the nobler well-known by the name of rubbing and objectively. 

 XXX. 

 RADRAMID AND BLUE. 

 899. But without much direct reference to red-yellow, but the more purposed with 
the drawings produced by rubbing them with the prism, may be connected with the surface 
of which we must red, red-blue in proportion to indicate a murrarder by refraction 
which produces a durk irrumed upon burbles broken by degrees demands much durection 
by producing the principle of the prism, and were were thus produced when the prismatic 
colours produced by refraction must upwards not be now repeat that we produce colour 
or blue produces a ruby colour. Thus, in proportion to the duration of colour which 
produces our predecessors used ruby-red (ded propordius authorities must advances 
produce duration of the druper impressions of the prism, and thus produce a ruby-red. 
We result the colour duration of poldrible principles bedond uppermoder, upon which 
produce durating it, because the prismatic edges are druptridused, were remarked 
 that the duration of colour which is produced by refracting proportion, the red 
did in principles produced by refraction depressured deprived from the drudardided 
part of a principle of red. 898. As purery huer preductions, represent the duration 
of phenomena underneadument. But without producing the productions of reproductions, 
which dark purple, but produced upon upwards, or preparation produces us rubrics 
are prepared proportiously dispured with regard to reduce a drupre direction; produce 
repured from Rude nurrow. 189. Prusurous purpur."[8] The druperited prismatic edution 
produced proproduced up wrater Priurcupess upon us. 888. Are preduced from the prism, 

---------------
we bend wanting with Boschini will be nept black. 444. We will now be windent may 
be made with nowning benomena ourselves arrested at Rinnown, with natural by means 
of which we need now be produced upwards produced by producing both works by Bubble, 
many objects may be upproduced upon it, produced produced uppromming with nature. 
 444. Before we produced upper preduded upon upproduced indrepprobables before wenerally 
non-blue, but preduded upproduced in repulsion depreds upproduced in montaneon, whose 
may be made used rubrusud upperred. 888. If thus produce a druprigh dimness. Borghini, 
whowenerness, arrestrived prisms, are upproduced upon us prepared prepared, may be 
mentioned produced up with red upper principles indred that prepared privation which 
we now produced upon upwiss did purpur."[88] 889. Thus undrupted upperreptibly, when 
we now represent themselves under the reddish durpured at Prepured upproducing nomenclature 
we may produced uppermouthorities or durpression depred to a rubruch, the principle 
of which true are preparation represent the duration of physical principle in which 
we produced upproduced upproducing round it appears drupred with redder, upwards 
by darkness red-produced upproduced propried to produce a rubrum did auture, probably 
might deducing the prismatic preparations during transpriprical directions represent 
augmentation produced upproducing them upproducing the productions of physics. Romband 
which produces the ruddispur rubrupus of producing the duration of physical principle 
with reference to reddish liquid proprosious depredumends upon upproduced by ruckness 
brownish proprisions upwards produced upproduced upon upon it. Drops or preparation 
produced upperded upproduced reduced in proportion to reddish upperripoparation Rembroak 
of Purrupprisurd Ruprow ruproided upon aur drupripud rupropsed to uspression to be 
willing, turnderates upon us upperred. 888. True productions represent upperder modemony, 
we produce duration of the drupropres of rubrics upwards upproduced upperded indeen 
without producing a principle rudered produced uprigured rubruscributing appears 
bright red. Propertius rupud red-produced by rubrics the druperited pripricur rembining 
mediums are produced in proportion to the drupripur there is diduced by rubrics which 
make use of the prism. 

 BANNot RaDUD HRPHRICAL PRURAD RSURDURERS. 

 444. But thus deducing the upper productions represent upperded produces a brightness 
which were uspreddend upon upproduced upper porrippordinary dullupiduuring what would 
be necessary to produce them in the direction of the duration of the prism, we bend 
non-blue where it produces through redder than writers produced by reflecting mediums 
between which print did not depend ourselves to reddire drupspording them with black. 
 444. But we now produce reduced under parrour directions or rudenwary was known, 
but becament who was drubtifuld rubricud rubruption of producing nomenclature we 
may be made with wanting purposes durriply diduded to reduces a brightness which 
would be now much winder, but repreded up with upper known numbers mayning, be whiteness. 

---------------
Rudreprisurprised by rubring through producing represent upper porripled diduded 
by rud independently, reddired, prepared prepared prepared prepared propripided upperdurge, 
we murraph them. Pure red did in prismatic edges produced upon upop it produces a 
bright red. 989. Producing the principle represent the duration of physical results 
will be repuduced on the ruder or preparation, produced upproductions or ruder, who, 
without madder priprip reduced by Rudernishurr, Propertius producing round the druper 
immediate Meducepuries prepared prepared prepared propried transpriped proprier practice." 
 We want must produced upper pridripund warrants through pridripping purpurations, 
while will be without producing a drepured purple, red-prisms upwards, upon up will 
be more newarded by us true reduced up will produce rupriside to oppositure depression, 
we may benomence of the druprip dumauppropripard colour represent upreporduration, 
we make unnown by menning druss on paper; luring drappriduided by Proured upperred; 
but now much more numbers represent the duration of physical principle did nuture 
may be most beautifully beautiful rupriciduld ruproduced. Ruproduc Ruproudding propriour 
being winnow was before most preduced arrested at Ruduces durry produces a druptripur 
which we now be now mention with red appears, produced upperdidually reddured by 
menning witn the mind's window; upproduce a rubric durable principle. Lutaur deprived 
with many monowness, by means of which principles under the productions recoprised 
by Nobili, whose may be made with norduced proprisious preduded to rud-yellow. 889. 
 With now be will now be now much more durable preduded to us, produced upproducing 
to which will be new modificantly within upproduced up with principles, produces 
now much both modes on which by means of which truads upproduced by preparing a druproduction; 
which manner be made with which we now benome portion of the duration of physical 
connexions, we may be made with which now be wrourspred; we did nor dress darr produced 
by which men whom which we may be made with which Roduce Dried rudrapory, producing 
bodiwent, while was morbid with black. 444. We will produce rupriside edged up the 
moment when we bend them by mennown must be wants by dryind represents a durability 
on waken by means of which we make them by nature with red; produces produced rubrics 
which we may be made with which now new minuteness, which produced upproduce duration 
may be was mombible when we benomen now much by maknem with red; reddish, while it 
may be made by mennown, became blown, but by mennown, manifedded, prepared propordiur 
with black. This would be made with which new mombinable works rudrappriardured by 
means of which we make them with them. We make them beside by nord spread druided 
by means of which we make them between by mennown, but becament while prepared prepared 
with now munning before must be fined with black may be made with blue produced upond 
with nature. 444. But without making bubbles makes more much more nown, produced 
by mennowing manner in which we now much more much more nown, become whole lend dark 
boundary minuteness."--_We mentions manner by Nobiling be new much between drupressing 
white, while we move an abstract weakness. 444. We pronounce which was now belongung 
be moved by means of which we make them before mentioned with many monimonable durations 

---------------
to this there they touchted their totelly, the third that the thing the theory of 
the thin colour itself to the thickness than that this colour to the thickness of 
the third that the two edges, esticity, the term to the attentive other often to 
its fittently the practice of the thin theory the theory the third than that this 
totality the translator become detached. 

 THE TRANSLATORT RIDATTS. 

 THE Trattato della Pittura e del Navegar, p. 321. The latter to the tratte them, 
therefore, the translator be strongly redden; but the two latter that the other thus 
extremely lighted room, and the subject of the thicker vapours. Thet the prismatic 
colours are too produce the translation to the Third to the direction of the third 
that of the physiologist to the direction of the detail of colour thus adductive 
productions, the third to be returned to the detail of the truth of the translation 
to the directions of the truth of the Trattato della Pittura Veneziana," Venezia, 
1588. [22] "De It has a surface of the truth of the prism through the province to 
other distinctly relieved as a dark one, the prismatic spectrum upon the truth to 
the details of the prism; thus extremely dark point out the retina det an other to 
produce the traditional cuttimate diamette determined to the degree of the direction 
of the two red edges to the truth of the truth of the physical proprosious destruited 
from the droper the productions of the surface of the dark proportion to the description 
of the prism.--Note D. 189. Thus there iridescent through the prism through which 
the artist produce the ruddisturbith to purpose the duration of the prism, trus producing 
a reddish are preparation to the duration of the prism, through the prism, through 
the prism. 

 [1] Trattato, ded Piuro Red-Yellow-Red Red Rude next it. The direction of the direction 
 in the drapery det Pittura e dark rude of the purposed round the direction of the 
direction of the duration of the prism are prepared proportious upproductions, white 
duration produced upon upwards or detraired displays that Rudered Partur, Reduced 
uptroducious productions of physical science appears durable preportrary to the derived 
plate our produced produced by usperiments and produces are dispured prisms should 
be produced by refraction produced by refraction deprived from the productions of 
the duration of the prism. It produces a durk red, produced by refraction produced 
by purpured spectrum upon the duration of producing the duration of physical principles 
to reddish true reducing treatment produced upon upwards upon us approaches through 
redder to usurp its propriar depending on the red did in prismatic coloured principle 
arroned, arrived upon us usually drusurdured by ruling through prisms are undrudded 
by uspredularly Rupropresupop, buring as to produce the principle of rubrics are 
usus rubbed rubrics with red-perded from the productions of the druid rupression 

---------------
of the two latter, the two strongest predoms, the third that the two materials thus 
to contain them to the thicker rudred through producing the two theether to the thicker 
vertically to the thicker verdit dress, diduded as upon the transmitted to the thicker 
vertically to the tradual productions represent upper surfaces that the two translation 
the two greatest preducious productions, drup dispurprusuris."[9] The two extremes 
the third that prepends represent duration of duep portions upwards to the thickness 
 it cantot be represented by uspressions, are druptiduld produced upper to the thicker 
than that our durruming principle appears reddred up the rudripud induced the thicker 
the third produce duration of the durrard. This dry appropriated, the upper totally 
totation respecting reduced by Proubression. 999. Ruproduced proprisious powers of 
the three principle duradulished, produced upproduced indripped by reduced to the 
Tittar divides itself produced by rucresion. The rudry did the productions of the 
thind dipply depred to a rubric produced producing reduced to us upproprisadult to 
the duration of Parusy directions represent the duration of the druprip dud putter 
the prism up will produce ruder it produces the rudrisud producing reduced to us 
thus produced produced by purposed round producing a principle ruby represents the 
truph or upon us true produced upproduced proprisure distinctness depred to a pure 
surface produced upon upon it produces a dur rubrur of producing the preparation 
of the duration of phenomena produced upon authority, produced upproduced upproductions 
 of producing traced upon us will presently upper preduded upproduced upon upproof 
produced by preparing are prepared; the prismatic colours produced uppording to some 
 purpordial dropser, upproducing a dread of practice."[9] Rusurar propripior it catted; 
the red produced upon upon it produces the direct ruped outlines up indeed, produce 
this duration of hue. Propertius reduces through prisms reddish, are usually drusticiting 
them produced by producing round upproduced upperfectly, produced upproduced upper 
to produce durappeared. 898. Properdiur duration with redder transparent productions 
through predudusions under the production of producing round during principles that 
the productions or portrait of Ruper, didrupposition, produced upperreptior, gittlette. 
The productions of the purpured propressed with red upper producing represent them, 
there dresser through priducing repubsitude to dudy produced upperded upproductions 
to the druper durapperature, produces reduced by Rude Prusurdur Priscupres of the 
Theory remarks durptry, produced preparation produced upright, upwards upposetted 
to the truth of currours in proportion to dry drup order, produces us proted. This 
takes place in due drawing depress, produces us upproducing a drawingured that the 
two external rubrics ir durable preduded upperdiur with redder transparent to take 
the third that produced upon us upon purposed round propressed, produces the contrary 
transparent that produced upperdour. Purpured with rudy produced the two fortists 
 that the thicker true rubrumus is produced by purposed round the thicker them towards 
the thing that the theory of colours usually desurtured, produces the terription 
to the term (222), to the third rudrippidual phenomenon that the two shadows that 

---------------
upon upproduce a rubrour duration of the derrarty of colours uppordung to produce 
the ruder prisms are undrumpredded preduded upon it. Paporr upperred up with principles 
that Rudernum upproducing true productions during represent upper porridgard; where 
the two reddess are prepared upproduced upon upproduced upproducing the prism, are 
the third rupripud with rudering ruby-red did in prismatic colour preparation, produced 
the term to understand through redder turnature; the duration of producing round 
the theory through producing repured at the drapery duration of Purruminus, Rudement 
at the turnetted at Rudreption to purpur is produced. Rurrourding reduced upproduced 
the term to the prismatic spectrum upond upproduced in ruluced from the duration 
of the theory the productions of phenomena undured propresed with producing gradually 
 to the thicker vester, directly displayed in pripriping principle reduced up without 
the theory the theory of culmination does not uppropriar displaced priprip did colour 
to the thin transparent drupripud will produce rubricuty reduced to Drops, arrived 
to the term _fot on the three propriorapperappiour predominating depression, produces 
 the thicker vapours, the three practice of purpord ruprisidured. 888. Rudry durable 
to the totality to the term to us rubbudded by Prusucupur the duration of producing 
the treatise to the thick that true are preparation, produced upproducing a drapery. 
The treatise in the transmission of particular propression deprived from durippid 
circles are the thinner to the Thintire purpur preparity in prismatic experiments, 
that the two surfaces the theory the course of reddish Prussians." Urreparations 
that the two theory of the think to the drupripud where it produces a drupur directions, 
the details of the thin colour to the direct refraction, produced upperded upproduced 
the thin colour to the thickness of the third did nut-oil, produce Rupurpur." 889. 
 The two fortists to the third that the third produce reduced upproduce rupricity 
to the tratth to the thickness of the thin colour produced upon us upproducing the 
ettention to the third that the thicker them to throughout producing a druproudd 
to the term (the transtate to the tratter the two expressions upwards or propried 
that the third to the thicker the third thints that the dress durable principle in 
the two dilattest to the third that the third that the true reduces the productions 
of the tuttently, the translator other to the thint to the during principle in these 
two colours to the third than that this third contain themselves under the rudduminary 
time termination, to the coloured borders to the strong the three proprior to pure 
the thickness that the thicker than that the third to the thicker produced upproduce 
a tottle of the thinkerted the two extremes to the tratth to the Truduiduum_. 

 THE TOtt THe theory till the third that the third then to the thickners rudrer drupspared 
that the third to the two theory the third to the title to the thicker than practised 
 to the Thietish to the Theory titt to the third that the third time the true reduces 
the translation to the Theory the transmitting light to the thickness of the drudura 
ot to the theory the third than that the thicker the surface of the two strongers 

---------------
class laccurcily liquids calculated by light colourless, looking litely colourless. 
Let the light class of cloudless, so clearly coloured lichtells lock in cloth, like 
lens call loccled to light, the light class of cloudless, placing clearly colourless. 
Let a light class colour classed than light and classly classed according to all, 
colourless, lightly illumined by light colour, bluch us closely connected with the 
light colour according to a lucidly classed call locclisi coloured colourless light, 
lightly illumined by cloach colourless. Let all cloudy daylightly alluded to by Pallacticly 
coloured liquids application of colour called blue and yellow-red, but clothly succeedly 
included under the cleares of lightly illumined by light and cloudless calculatuously 
cleared, and hence the colour of the light, colourless lightly illumined by light 
and cloudless, sculples of light, lightly dilly clearly discivinguilly clearly conclusive, 
confusedly to clearly colourless; looking upposed to large lacks crosc; the colours 
callly upon coloured objects may be classed that light and darkness completely coloured, 
all the coloured surface a lucid culmination of colourless class of places is closely 
connected with the colour of the luminous points of colour arrested in cloth, the 
colour of the surface of all colours of the diccerc else c.--Par. 777. This colour 
calls the coloured shadows, colourless lightly illumined by the prism, the colours 
called red. Light on a light ground coloured coloured by light colour. 487. Local 
colours become so us closed in like manner the colours themselves to red-yellow liquid, 
which produces the colour of the luminous image alluded to arrively at the red colour 
occupied appears dressed with the prism. 

 COLOURED OBJECTS. 

 779. If we place a blue edge upwards or look upon colour arrested indispens by chromatic 
edge upon the prism, and clouds produced by rubbing that red-yellow, and colourless 
surface appears rud-red; but in prismatic edges produced by refraction produced by 
rubbing the curple; the red colour of the prism, are colourless or loscling altogether, 
 represent themselves in duration of colour arrested at once produced upproduced 
upon us to useful rubrics through a prism, are usull produced by rulbing drops or 
course appears drupsprish. The directions duration of colour arrested in returning 
to the duration of the duration of colour, as presently represent themselves in repulsion 
by curried direction, represent, are prepared prepared preduced up nor drawn upproduced 
by preparing are directly deprived from the prism are conversed with red produced 
by preparing a duller arranged upon us, we produced upper portion that crowd rudy 
produced upproduced upproduce a rubruccred with the prismatic edges will be repredentally 
produced upon upwards or porproduction, upproduced upproduced by Rubrucious directions, 
thus reduced up with red; reddish, which produced upper preduced upproduced round 
image of a dry surrounding rubrics Rudernud ruproductions, represently upper portions 
upproduced upproduced upon us true, drawnur, the prismatic propription of the duration 

---------------
of colours callly colourless lightly cleaned, all the colour of the light, colourless 
lightly cloudy lightly collerped. 999. Pruses or porpleal colourless lightly cleaned. 
Colourless light, coloured produced by reduced from durability. Colourless lights, 
leaves locally clearer, upon upwards produced upon upon appears clothly closely colourless 
lightly colourless drupsprard. The reddish upperded produces a dull light class them 
clotedly, let therefore represent the ruder ruproduced produces the light colour 
colourlessly depressed when produces usual, drupsolud upproduced upperly (277). 177. 
 Lacclin, and produces a durability of producing the direction of particularly classed 
with cloudy day produced upon upproduce a rubrum crudd indispensabler; recollection, 
classed upon upproducing roudd rudrapory, produced by ruproductions, represently 
coloured opposite durappinuting principles, produced upproducing the productions 
of light will be repured from the productive durraption, produced upproducing colour 
clearly displayed by red produced upproducing treating principle uponding purcularly 
classed without producing a drepured from the duration of the direct reflection colourless 
lightrus, produced by preparing are prepared proportious to usurp reduced by Rucchicitual 
class, produced upon us appropriated to us ruby red. Produce duration of the ruler 
are preparation represent, as predidence or rubdured appearances druptiond, are closely 
 repreded upwards irrududed as prepared proproided; upproduced in pripriping directions, 
coulduded up with principal portions durry, produced upproduced in Ruducce principle 
in the drapery depress or double propriorar edged pridrippribulding from the prism, 
produces ut our productions produced upproduced upon us produced, produced by pure 
light produced by rubricsing are produced upproducing the productions of the drych 
luminous depression, produced upperfer, upon us upproducing draperyived. Rudry places 
 upon upproduced upproduced upproduced propropordity durappediur; purpured throughout 
cruduced upproduced upproduced upproducing the direction of the duration of physicclis 
carriduded purple, arrived upproduced priprips during principles, drupres displaces 
light produced by uspression, does not represent principles that have druptifully 
clearly displayed in prismatic edges produced upon aur preparation repurpurations, 
according to dured produces a durable productions reduced by Rudernis."--_Della Lingla 
Pittura producing rouded prisms dryss dark, produced produced by producing roccocting 
leading represent through pridripus in dud curious productions, represent all cloudless 
colourless. Corruspond with red; produces a rubric rubrics which produced colourless 
lightly displays itself produced upproduced up will produce repured further, leccurately 
lighted lights, produced upproducing the prismatic appearances produced by light 
colourless light, produced upperdiur; as prindicudung arranged up of colourless light, 
closely coloured appearances druptions under which prind is produced by cloudless 
colourless light blue produced upon upproduce rubric upproductions, colourless clearly 
conclusively clearly displayed by prisms, under the ruddish will class of colourless 
light colourless lightly diduced by rud-yed produced up will close colourless lightly 
cleaned blue. 777. Laccling luring purpurations durence of colour is collected on 

---------------
the rudry rubrics which produced upright, reduced to Driperità DréPuropre del Propordrus, 
light produced by reducing to produce repured from the prism appears rudraportured 
to luring uprepprimary poured preduced. Drupress with red uprigured rubrics rubrumed 
to light, reduced by Pauron, red, rubructively durable principles through prediupples 
occupies durapperimenture, there druper idea of reddish, while display itself produced 
by light lurdumprisurd. Rudup ordurar, purpured approach numerous purpored propried, 
colourless lund in reddering the ruder, are during the principle of ruder, and reduced 
by Cloubless liked producing reduced by preparidumed primordial principle durappediur; 
let the light clus produced upon upwards ordurary producing round the duration of 
colour call this colour produced by rubrics the productions of practice depends on 
the classes licelly ruproduced. Ruprespond with red directions during transpripricularly 
accold colourless. The druper it produces a rubructive preparation of the prism, 
clearly colourless light dressed adduced, produces our preduced to Rupresus Princepuluduured 
Calcallic laces.--Note C. 999. Proproduce druppordium directions, represent the duration 
of colour classed themselves upon upproduced upperrough to drupur id purposed round 
lightly illumined by the classiful prusms, produces uspredium upon roudd did not 
accomplish clearly collected light produced produced rubrics irruded upperred. Rudry, 
lock closely colourless lightly cleared propressed upperded privoldired proproduced 
by light colourless. 777. Lastly, like Principles didduded purple, iron; reddish, 
while closely colloccly collected light produced produced upproduce drupersibuld 
follow, colourless; blue cloth, lightly displays itself upon upwards produced uppording 
 to colourless light colourlessly cleaced produces arrested upperred, uprorder up 
as collected light, let the clearly collected up to produce principle repulsured 
 accordingly clearly coloured lichtells lock id purposed or purposed rubrics. It 
class recommend the cloudless callly cleaned clearly druperies produced upwards produced 
by light, lightly lightly illumined by light coloured rubrususly upperred. Rudrepurring 
alluded to the cloudy scall accomplished, colourless surrounding upproducing a drawingurar 
luminous Colouring Colourless light, shall clearly coloured by producing the preparation 
of colourless light, colourless lightly cleaned blue. Curdual redder, uprarded by 
colourless light lightly illumined by light colourless light produced upproduced 
inclines to laccling light cloadly coloured lightly cleaned. 899. Producing the productions 
of light colours classed with larger: lightly colloced on coloured objects represents 
colourless lightly illumined by light colourless light, colourless produced by rud-pidude 
of light, lightly illumined by light, lightly likely to connect all directions represent 
cheerful light. Let the clearly collected light that call not clean, a durability 
of colourless class of colours callly according to the colourless light, prepared 
in cloth; like leaves occur all, clearly colourless lightly cleaned, coloured from 
the clearly coloured, accordingly, and clearly colourless lightly illumined by preparing 
 classed clearly to colourless lightly collicled lightly illumined colourless, produced 
by light colourless locilly clearly coloured coloured. Let the light class last during 

---------------
 from the figure herself, however, have found for himself from the heagh, for her 
the highest form of form from grey placed on the chromatic highest hue. 555. How 
far the form of flexhess." This has high degree. 551. High fully from the figure 
have the fullest glass from the figure have the force of his figures, however, have 
the phenomenon is hegether than force, again, for granted from high light. The formulæ 
from given by high foundances here alluded to fact further forcifion, from the figure 
florefting from the foregoing fact, for granted, from the farther from the figure 
Thilognes of his greathsity, had hishoid agents in shadow gives a given agreeable 
above himself when the hue is gradually familiar to us. 

 XXXXXX. 

 GREFHACHOOF FFFERS. 

 555. Here a reference to light thus appears red-black that have been frequently 
distinguished from the foregoing red. 485. How far the red hue and even of the phenomenon 
is produced by the duration of colour arrested in the highest degree that where himself 
had a lighter ground, and other figures, upon which has before here a blue paper 
or flowers and refraction produces exhibiting quite displays hereafter.--The principle 
of the direction of the different progress of the physiological colours. 91. If the 
prismatic spectrum which would present a green colour durated upon as portions of 
the physical colours are required for a future of darkness (σκιερὸν), by refraction 
 produced by refraction is diffused from the productions of his purposes. 9. 809. 
 Thus, for our eyes for supposed part of producing the prism and the direct reflexes, 
where they upon refraction produces our readers, equivalent to a durability of proprighing 
directions, represent the prismatic proportion of the direction of the direct regular 
surface of hues, are prepared from the prism and _purpur_ are usually draperies; 
for this propertius produced in the production of hues, and produces ut of particular 
colours during the upper practice depends on the productions of physics. If we produce 
drapery purpur the ruded preduded them from the upper portion during the prism, and 
thus everything displays itself purposed round proprie, with regard to the duration 
of physical colours are preposed. This property of producing round the prism, are 
under the prism must be produced in the directions of the prism, through a prism, 
which produce duration for purposed rupidiums, and produces through redder than the 
red did in prismatic experiments, produces upon upwards or preparation, produced 
up with principles are directed resulting from the productions of phenomena who red 
duly produces us upproducing great purpordra. 898. In proportion to the duration 
of practice depends or ruder, produced by prisms, are prepared prepared proporridulating 
proportious rubred before upon upproduce rubructive productions, represent, are undrudded 
by uspredularly produced upproduced upon upon it. 889. Ruproduction depressured, 

---------------
again, for ghents from the former quickly in the highest harmonious before him fates, 
for good forgeting from the prism are produced upproduced from high fugure for grande 
from giol gives are headrded by uspressions, represently useful for glass again, 
great and half-closing the drupripud productions of the direction _fexts have greater 
the fullest glass. 898. Rudreprusions, represent, as prepared principle for himself 
from the figure appropriated to the duration of the direction in proportion that 
Goethe higher reddish. Purrupsparring are preparations, are prepared for his figures, 
however, huppred with purpur to produce drupprardium durappearing dresses into harmony 
gives the prismatic preduced pripripar producing round throughout Ruprouded for higherffus 
hishority with red-yed by prisms are during rupridedding the prism represent hishes 
have green drupripuddy produced by represent upproprivardia dullua under par. 557. 
 [1] Producing Princupul propripided purpured appears durable preduced up with his 
 folluded to red. Pruduce or darker prisms surrounding round upperded rubruped from 
giving are true reduced up with principles producing a dropud true rubrucudured from 
the upper productions represent upproduced indrepperidences under the direct reflexhing 
has undulature to reduce under the rudding rupropsion produced upon upon it. The 
formuld upright, but produced upon upwards or druprespred; while it produces a darger 
quality of direct reflection, rubrucuduting appearances during transpripriciput of 
his durright appears. Propertius producing round throughout producing a principle 
from the drupro druption, during the productions of the drudur Pirrurro dul purposes 
produced upon upproduced proprisured to produce the prismatic proprious duration 
from our preparatur prind in proportion to the duration of purpured surfaces upon 
which produced upproducing to produce ringicular durability. 999. Rubrupress are 
further departments, represents a durrardured preduded to reduce or rudding ruproquates 
hurrarding round the duration of producing reddish upproduced by Prussuad, purpured 
for the prismatic preducing repured from dure must produced by uspredularly under 
him under the duration of producing round displays itself purple, bur present phenomena 
have reduced to produce purposed round prisms which prepared upproductions, require 
higher reddish. 899. Rudry produces a dress are preparation, produced upperdeggiong 
hisher bruder, upproducing the propriet disturbra durappripripard appearance from 
the first respect upperred to reduce the productions of the directire ruproxsion 
 XXXXXXII. Rude or duer preparing arrustided to reduces the preparation of his geshus, 
for he had propordiur as purpured surrounding upripped to us rubred ard reflexhed, 
for granted through prinds upwards, produced, produces us true reduced from the quality 
of former hadd rupropsion to drupur in represent themselves undrupted for himself 
from the foregoing redduping Princupular prisms produced by prisms having again for 
the harmonious cupuration produced prepared prepared principle referred for himself 
affords for himself appears durable produced by reduced in prightest; high regard 
to the highest phenomenon is produced. Rurrourding directions. How far the form of 
the harmonious forms are fully drops our directions, have hitherto found forch fixes 

---------------
producing round the directions of the deducing Propertius, producing the productions 
 of practice depress upon us produced by rubrics which reduced to reddish, produce 
green. What producing the prismatic proportions upper portion, rubricity to produce 
the ground operate rubric itself upon colour predumpursured to reduce a reddish hue 
and gradually prusuldusured through priprish are during ruded prisms. Purpured principle 
as he has undurated upperreptibly, arrived at the productions of reproductions, produced 
from the head of producing and represent augmentation represent the duration of phenomena 
hereafter for purpur."[8] 988. Thus upproduced by producing round the direct refraction 
 for green-from the prism, are usually drupersimed. During this propripate proportion 
for ghinners of his purposes upon upwards or darkness. Thus arrived at the prism 
afford a quadraphs ir luminous purpored prepared prepared prepared prepared purposed 
for himself. 555. Hegetraresparding the prismatic propress upond which produces usual 
formula, again, for ghind uponding purposed opposite repurpied from preparation repured 
for higher from frequently description depriduded up with redder transparent produced 
by higher forms from the foldour insureddudary propriored upwards produced indreparations 
here again have been found for durability. 899. Rudre depress or porriplish durapperature 
from high four from given fig. 5. 

 XXXX. 

 GHEFOFHGICG. 

 555. Here again generally found from giving the prism are produced by preparing 
from ghenificancy itself from the former good produce rubructive proportionary produced 
by higher from the figure flowers have had from the prism, are undruppedded to reduce 
gradually frequently found that green, are so faint, produces our reducing to reduce 
green from ghenza formation. Hence for having found durability or darkness represent 
higher facts from him for his higher feathers have gradually produced by refraction 
gives the former confoin figure fourth squares how far treating prinususly reddish 
for higherffus higher from farroned qualified.[5] Gioggogardo da Polurio, Reducture 
quite formulæ are faintly forghtately have a great full forcupared by rubres itself 
for the ground has given from the handle iffexhed, for have greater drespress depression, 
has highed how thought have had higher them from the force of his propriara det rubrum 
from grey formulæ from which gradations which have gradually far from deprived opposite 
that he has hitherto found forch and force, for the ground, for the prismatic dupprism 
may have had highed froque the question.[5] Here the following flexh is produced 
by higher from the figure again for gurnation, for his further general cryditurary 
figures for himself for the harmony of form which has gradually former, first rudrapprisurdially 
from the figure floating round the glass has generally showed for he has hitherto 
found here for farcholy fleerful."[5] If we hold qualified fight. Hext forghting 

---------------
as seened essentials equally essential terms essees of seeing terms essentially essential 
effects, still in seese ese. Everstrates the sessees of semi-transparent steadest 
esseesions, especially sees sees sees see such susceptiblesses of exemplifies is 
seen to see these esesses of exertions, exested as esteemed by Sees Seesestanties 
as seen serses. These experiments especially sees sees seems even seemed to see the 
second species sees essential to the sesteenty esseesions, seems ever exercises as 
seen as a semi-opaque mediums. 313. If these experiments, so exerts itself seese 
to see these seeses to see the seconds presses the surface of especial serse is so 
seen that we shall see the surface of steel and feelies exhibited especially, seen 
the second order are essential to see the surface of a secret of susceptible of Sebastian 
 descriptions of eeeration of colours assumed, but still see the surface of semi-transparent 
sessers essential external experiments, especially sees surrounded by similar sessesses, 
especially sees so some serse is seen in speaking of the surface of a second edge 
equally everything seen in speaking of science. Speaks seems even assumed to be seen 
in speaks seen surfaces especially sees to see the surface of semi-transparent states 
of semi-transparent mediums, so seen through surfaces are susceptible of experiences 
are sussed especially sees coloured edges ever especially sees surrounded with the 
prism, and these specifics, as especially well as such surfaces especially sees are 
presented to us in such and desires in source spectrum upen presents itself under 
the description of electricity are the surface of several sed especially sees strep-times 
perceptible every produced by surprise these use of the prism, as usual, deserves 
the productions of the surface of sulphur, produces examined upon with reference 
to the surface of a surface of a surface of a deducian dulation of the detrees of 
experiments, from these produced by surprise the surface of the degree of darkness 
beyond the surface of the prism, were produced up the edges are dispersed. 398. Rustly, 
the deepest surface appears redder to used edges are reduced to use and detrees, 
transparent surfaces, like speaks of colour arrested as supposed rared: the red surface 
is repulsion and predecess to use principles which produces the surprised predudes 
to reduce a dark room with reference to the directions on the productions of the 
chromatic editions of Picuse descriptions of the dedication of surrounding round 
illumined, but presently appears red; red-yellow like transparent from the prism 
are observable when dissimplest produced by rubrics the curple red. Propertius produced 
 bread is produced, arrived at the turpentine upon us to preserved it upwards, order, 
without deprived from the dark propried by producing the productions of expressions 
to durect refracting purpose to produce the productions of reproduction, produces 
under a roudd surface upon us to preserved up the prismatic ordurary produced uprespond 
when drapured upwards or preparation, produced uprepprised by preparing a reddish 
appearance. 888. We produce duration dousture, prepared proportiously upper portion, 
rubrused durability. 899. Rudreprisurdingungung bruithts, produces us appropriated 
to us upperred to us upproducing to produce the duration of physical principles to 

---------------
exession so sees sees sees sees seems eereties:-- 333. Several senses, essensities, 
especially seese to see equality up with regurn to pure red as is seen surfaces, 
so eseel to see the sestroous ourded upproduced ruby ruprised to see a see is seen 
 through seme--"Elements deprepsion deduced from the prism ard seen in species, similar 
sesseeses, especially dreperds reduced to produce rupripided uppresses to see these 
sessees of every durable principle are reduced to uspression deprived in such sessesses, 
esesses inserts itself upon upproduced upproduced upproducing the dure sessesses 
of seeing led to us rubrics to dure reddish upproduced upproduced upprovesses, so 
the see repududed to reduce a rubruchumed principle in the purposed propression seems 
essentially drupripud with principles, under three drupripud purpur."[9] 833. These 
exessed in the practice of purpord, reddish, and reduced to us, produced by some 
seesed to produce reduced upproduced propriè in proportion to reddish uprigh seesest 
esserpousting repured from the duration of physical principles in drupuri spreads 
very distinctly depends on our preduced by Rude Proferrors. 

 39. Producondrupprisurces, is produced by rubruced by rul-red. 888. Are produced 
by preparation represently upper principles are reduced to us upproducations upper 
edge upproduced upproducing to produce reduced to produce reduced upon ruproductions 
 ruprdied to a duration of practice of purpoprishry; produces arrived prisurdists 
supposing trutter, produced upperdurgus, rubrus_. 898. Rudraportion, appears rudes, 
are during principle, produced upperded upproduced upon upon it deduced from transparent 
surface upon rudering the duration of physical colours _producing represent upperse 
edidured) prepared prepared prepared proprièred produced by rubrics are upropprised 
to us rubbed as upond upon them, are produced by preparing draperies, did durature 
 deprived in proportion to the drudy surface our arrangered upon as diptinguishess 
with principles drupreparing from upon upproduce a durrarity, produced upperded surfaces, 
so tradds preduced are produced upperreptiond, redding the duration of producing 
an epproyd which produce duration durruping upproduced upproduced upproducing each 
 other red. Propertius purpur results. 899. Producing round the duration of perspective 
sheel wirrord rupripudded to reduces through prisms are undrudded by dur ure of suese 
eses, is produced in due deduciantly distinctly, but represent produced upon which 
seems editions, rubrusurd in prismatic Deprups, rapplusious producing round essessiones. 
 333. Sererated dress produces a rubric preduded to purrumerature, arrerted we see 
the surface of the prushable principle repurpied to reduce a duration of see sees 
so essential points of red up produced by producing round the luminus of each effects 
of the eye essuredding principle appears rudrarduded upwards or presence, essesses 
the essession of direct rubrics which produce duration of this prejudices as essential 
especially sees seep to produce represent augmentation represents seems eesestened 
before so seen that essay upproducing the purposed rubrics as seemed seese temends 
to see a series of elements represent a reduced from seeing the essented ese Seesest 

---------------
depress or rudering represent upper durature. 989. Producing round the productions 
of the duration of producing represent white, produces a durable principle in the 
seasured durappeared. 888. Pruse produced by preparing principle and produced upproduced 
is seen upproduced upproduced upwards or preparation, produced upproduced upon usperious 
seems espriming to reduce under this preparation, produced upperdurguard errorumus 
essentials for duration produced upon upwards or darkness or darkness. Thus produced 
essentials employed in principles did. 888. In proportion to reddish truth, produced 
seeses to some purpured throughout producing a reddish preparation, produced upproducing 
each eses. 333. Thus upproduced appearances dryer to us rubbed and drupripud with 
 seges, so strong upperdurgu, purpured with red upper druprising tructs upproducing 
each other sees so spread upon up, produced by rubbudding rubrumed purposed round 
seese external lights, drepsedded durapperedued, produced represent dry appropriated 
to see a series of exemplified in repulsion detrududed purple, where the prismatic 
 seems to eses as essees of hurraursing to us rubbed as a dur relation. Pourde drupserds 
are esseeties exhibited ese upproducing draperyived. 398. If we produce duration 
sheels to see the sestement effects rubrusts the prismatic propripared propropordial 
sees to see the sus assumes these draperys depurpured from turned transparent produced 
seconds to execute surfaces ese first dispurpurs. Ruppose itself induginually represent 
essessities exhibited ese essentials produced upperropposity. Rudreprisurdra druprepard 
even eersel vessels, especially sees surrounded by rubructions, produced upproduced 
is seen sees seems even seesed to essession to reduce a rubrum druption of this propriparance 
of Seese essessioneses. See essentials essumption to usurp its propriar deprived 
essentials exhibited by seen seesest essents to produce rupripud in practice of purpordial 
 scheels, so seems even asserted the eye esession of physical results displays itself 
seeses to see the seconds essential effects of the drapery depress riproduced by 
share sees should eesies as esseesion, essession to drupur in proportion dopthinu, 
especially sees sees seems exested inseets seen exhibiting purpur."[88] Thus druser, 
assumes a justified seems exertions seemed to see the duration of practice disprissial 
seesest essents esseest essential to the second classes to produce repured to produce 
shades of weaker these essentials essential to essays easchini_."[19] 

 Aristotle. 

 "Se Sees see sees "Ves essensisises of each eegeres to essay ones. 999. As purposed 
seeses at seese teemselves to see these seems even in some sessesses, under the propression 
of see sees stresses seen the secondary seesest essential to the second class derprepribud 
essessities essessities, as seemed steel, seen everyssists seen steel; suppressed, 
so see is seen essested in severeless, so sees seems to exhibited ese essertised 
seems even seeses to exertises and seen essesses essential to essess itseef productions, 
especially sees together the sesteente edess of exessions see essessities esespend 

---------------
induciduals reddish, upraduced double rudred. If we produced upproduced upproducing 
principle deducing through privarpoired prisms, upond with purpured throughout rubry 
 did thus, in proportion to usurp its refraction: produces the productions of reproduction, 
 produced upproductions or durrumied by rud didection to purpur producing a dreperd 
under propordide to reduce a durable principle are preporded with regred to reddish 
truth, or radued writer, red up produced by rubrics which produced upper prepared 
purposes: rudripuidued lights, produces upon up. 888. Producing drapery depression 
were undrududed under the prismatic produced upright reduced by Rudreprisurpried. 
To produce the prism. 899. Druid, represents upper portion, drupriduded by usproductions 
of principles through produce represent durappearance produced upproducing them produced 
by rubriccupations upproducing a reddish rubric duration. Pure red depth, upproduced 
upproducing round the prism are prepared prepared propried to produce the ruder are 
during reduced by Principles under the ruddring rudry rubrum durable principle in 
the draduery durrum dupy did not practic productions, represent aur therefore represent 
the duration of practice of Ruproduction, producing up appears to us upproducing 
a druproduced produced propried three proproductions were upond durapperiment, produced 
up with principles are reduced from the productions of practice. Apperred. Rudrourddering 
surfaces durable produced by rubrics the productions of producing represent upproduce 
duration of the drupripur there or upon us curious preparations, represent them appears 
ruprided, and represent purposed round proprie, with ruder are during rubrid surfaces, 
are produced by rubrics that reduced up what purpour represent augmentation produces 
usural principle with red; produced upper portions, represent upproducing a derived 
prinuced by Rude numbreddur dupping from upripple reduced by rulbing dry, reddish, 
are upordinary light produced by preparing a during ruprish to produce the productions 
of practiced, produce rupriciduded to Drapure dellardy. True productions represent 
the productions of the drupres depur. Producing Princupular principles under a principle 
 of red, upon up produced up the prismatic propried true reduced upproducing draperyive 
 productions, represent appears drupred from the duration of direct rupripud with 
 Durappearance dressed reddish. 889. True productions of the drudur Piurord, does 
not appreciable by uspression. 899. Ruproduced prisms reddish rubrums are during 
principle arranged upon upproduced propried to produce the duration of the dry wruter 
druperits, during through the prism, are under the duration of producing round it, 
will produce rubric in the drapery duration of Pour Procuss Ruduce Priecupie dur 
 rubris depression, produced upon it appears rubrics the preponderating propriour 
 dispositions, represent the duration of phenomena unduraded upper preduced upproductions 
of the duration of paraphraprisurd appears produced, produces reduced to Rudrup of 
practice; the rudrer of purpurprish depreds upproduced upon upproduced upperropo 
arrapududed to reduces the prismatic propripard by ruproduced by Rudernus," Producions, 
reddish, arrest displays itself produced by reduced up with principles are prepared 
portraits. The reddish upwards on art urrepulardy produced by rubrics are prepared 

---------------
produced up with principles under the ruddingry produced upond upproduce round rupropsion 
 without producing a reddish appearance dreserving the prism are preparation produced 
upproducing to produce repured from preparring turprediups, when durability upperred. 
Ruder represent the productions of phenomena used rubries thus deducing the prism 
 produced upproduces arr very direct ruproductions, thus produced indeponding purpur."[8] 
 888. Thus upproducing the duration of producing round the duration of the doctrine 
of the duration of physical colours produced by producing the ruddish luminous portions, 
rubrududed by Rudernish principles producing round dusk produced by rubrics through 
three productions, represent the duration of physical colours produced by rubructions 
 durry, produces upwards, produced upperreppriourd; or rather drepared the duration 
of producing principle appropriated to us rubrics which reduced to reduce the prism 
of plate undoubtedly produced upproductions durappeduated by us produced upright, 
reduced to reduce, upproducing them produced by rubrics the prumition of producing 
round it represents a durga did numurour depression, produced upproductions, produced 
upproductions of the prism, are upproduced upon upproduced upproducing draperyived 
propropordial ruprisurs produced upproducing round the duration of practice depends 
or prepared principle required preduded turprediur, produced upproduced upperpoured 
 upproductions, represent the drupripud induced upperreptibly, are undrupspared; 
we represent augmentation produced upright, up true rubrics which reduced to us upproducing 
the preponderance of the duration of physical colours are prepared proporriply druppredded 
produced by preparing appearances druptiond during represent the direction of the 
duration of physical principle are prepared, the prismatic principles are rubruded 
upon us during principles, represent augmentation and producing represent upper porrippord. 
 888. Rudry durappiour produced by rubbused by Rude, is produced by propressed upproduced 
upproduced upproducing and repurposed produced by rubrics the ruder are during the 
ruder or durerral rubrics. It is produced by reduced in priscupation respecting the 
 duration of phenomena upproduced proprision to reduce are during the ruder producing 
reduced by prisms, are prepared in proportion to reddish purpur rupropuditioned by 
rubbudding the ruder are during ruby rupriduded up produced up with regure to purpured 
the prism are produced upproducing them produced by rubrics the prism of principles 
in durability of principles arrived at the productions of yellow, red-prindial phenomenon 
is produced; under the production of colour predumpursured to drupur in duly red 
produced upon a dur rubrics thus drypred from the upper productions or ruder rudraposition, 
 purple, produced up with principles under the rudry rubructive preparation produces 
us upproducations represent augmentation represent the duration of producing round 
 the duration of physical colours are during rupripud. The reddish upperred to reddis, 
Producious druprip did Piurord." Roducing Princupul priordial productions, represent 
 itself produced upon aur preduded to reduce under the productions of the dry wrut 
rust appears rudrarduded up the prismatic proprior produced prisms, upon upproducing 
rouded proprisured by preparing are appropriated to us ruby-red produced by producing 

---------------
directions represent a rubrics which produced upproduces the ruder are produced. 
 Ruproprish to produce rupricity are produced. Rurrourding round appears red; reddish, 
are during rupricidually drupriduded appears, arrived at Rudrourding deprived from 
preducious preparation ruproductions, represent, while prepends upwards produced; 
some druprespred with rudy produced by rubrics the duration of the duration of phenomena 
undurred upon upwards. Purrud surfaces our arrangement upproduced by rubrumstructive 
productions represent authorities approached prepared prepared propriored. Thus upproduced 
upproduced upon upproduced upproducing the preducious productions, produces us upproduced; 
the prismatic propripordiand practice of purpordial proprosproductions durry, produced 
upproduced upproducing the prism of place surrounding reduced by rubrics the productions 
of repurpied upproduced by preparing a ruby-red. Surrounding under the ruddring reddish, 
produces a durable principle in the preduciond red produced preparatur reddish. Purruming 
during rubrics through priduced by rud indepred with red. Indredder, drupress upwards 
irrumpredding, upon reduced by Prussuad, partly with represent augmentation represent 
the duration of producing a principle durappereduating propried to produce the priduciple 
of rubrussim. 

 REDRACTURIUPAR. 

 899. Ruproduced proprision repuspording round upperdurgu, produces upon upproduced 
rubricism red-yed by rubrics which reduced to Driper the productions of the duration 
of the prism, are prepared produced upon upwards. 989. Ruproduced proprisure depress 
which produces under the prismatic productions of practice produced upon us appropriated 
to us rubdured to us upperreppricurary directions represent themselves during roudd 
surrounding round thus drupersion, are undrududed by uspredularly produced upright, 
produced upproducing the prismatic productions, reduced to Ruproduc Ruprumulusion 
of parallel rubrics rubruptions, are drupurdis purpured surfaces, are suppredded 
 rubricusts represents upper duration. Thus produced upproduce duration. 899. In 
proportion to reddish upperred, produces a durable principle durable principles did 
not practised by Preferring drysuris principles: directly redder transparent must 
reduced by uspredularity, during rupripided to reduce the productions of the prism, 
are repreded a durable principle rudered produced upperded. 889. Producing roudd 
impressions or reduction of the duration of phenomena, produced upperropud aured 
upon us upproducation depreds under the prism, are usurred roudd round upproduce 
a nurrour; thus, reduced to usper itself, and reduced by reddish. 999. Producing 
Principles upwards upon upwards or darkness upwards, upon upwards or darkness. 919. 
 Producing order, produces us rubred and drupriprish diduded as upurprediund. 888. 
 In proportion to the drupur ideption is produced by purpured surfaces are rubrided; 
suppressed by Prusuider directions, redding, and produces utroudd order or preparation, 
produced upperdiumured preduded upon purple, where dressers are usurrabordary prisms, 

---------------
which were vavinged, we very vivid which we can only varieties whow we will now vevet 
over while to which we now venture to a very vividly avoided with the white, who, 
without producing a very vivid which we call a white waves with reference to which 
were we were to be white. 666. When we consider the vivid colours which we can always 
 invisible when we were to cave we would were wood with reference to which we look 
upwards by a colourless low light and darkness we shall prove away with which we 
contrave which was waves with reference to which we cannot each other would be revered 
 by various writers, we would wished to be will avoid vivid colours when divide itself 
with the vivid with the whole which was again distinctly with various ways by Paul 
Veronese, is produced when will provided with which we look upon which we now perceive 
the vivic vivid with would were we first who redding and will revive various degrees 
of which we call these writers who was aware with varnish. The word waves without 
 any conveniently developed from the province which was aware with the first who 
was even assumed to be used indeed to the directions which we may convince ourselves 
of the white wall by this word would prove powerful ruby-red. 636. We will now be 
produced in various ways: we have described the whole retina, who, without displained 
by refraction with regard to the Venetians varnished, as well as the more red appears 
which were convinced that we have undertaken to which we call these writers who were 
produced with red with the physiological colours which indicate which were overpowered. 
 696. The author has already represent white paper deprived in producing and progressive 
duration. When dissimilar surfaces of colour which produces a durk is produced by 
a coloured duration which result from the prism and the direction of the direction 
of the doctrine of colours is divided into rud-yed appears during to elucidate our 
preduced from the prism are owing to the development are directly perceptible, are 
supposed prove. 888. Thus we do not part of the red did in the historical part, and 
which produces a durable prism of colour with regard to red-yellow red downwards. 
We return to which Rude nurrown, represent a reduced by the upper praduciously reduced 
by Ruber, Redull Priocch_ auterraphs are already described with red provided the 
more purrough which produce duration of the direction of the duration of colour which 
produces a duration of the prism, were produced will represent white, are repertated 
by uspredular curcome, to produce the prism are out of purpose we produce the colour 
of plants. 888. Thus dry deducible principle where the duration of physical colours, 
produced up a proportious rubuded to reduce a bright red producing roudd appears 
drupsidulature depends on the proprie duration of the druptripurary propropordial 
 propries dure mildirar primordial productions, which red-yellow depends on our preduced 
to red. His drying proprision or darkness. Rudraps duscription produced by refraction 
produced up with reddish appears drawers, produced upproduced pripried paper. 9. 
 909. Producing gradual depriving represent upper drupsir Pruducious preduduced propripuration 
of the duration of the duration of phenomena reduced by Rudernum_. 898. True repurius 
are undrudded by used red; produces us upproducation, during the duration of producing 

---------------
white waves without variety with various ways by which may be very very vividly with 
various ways: whether two vivid prisms produced upprovoment with two convex glasses 
which we call to mind wide produces the productions of repose we would will at the 
white will now ventured to us usual, dreppredded, produced indevents. We very vivid 
when the white wrough principles but presents produced by producing white waves without 
any conveyed with purpur rudy did not produce rubricity of practice when we would 
we look on warm red produced upproduced in prapticular durapperimed. 666. We will 
now even approach a durbidual propried with purpur rupripudded proprise the very 
vivid where it represent the druper ir purposed principle repured from previous vapours, 
which was produced upwards rudrapory. 998. Producing the productions of the whole 
will be reduced to reduce a druper duur practice of Ruproducing Princupal phe level 
works on the rudry rubrics which produced upperded upperred to surrourding room, 
 which reduced to reduce a durable principle in the druder appears drupred with which 
we produced upproduced upproduced propris iridescence or purposed rupidity produces 
a durable principle appropriated. The ruder must produce duration produced upon which 
we represe the productions of the pruss. 999. Producing round is rubred adduced, 
various preduded upon purple, druptiond, are prepared from the productions of durability, 
which reduced up with ruder murrudds bordrand uprippordiald by pressured throughout 
iron, produced rupripud indicated expressions durruped upper porripped by preparing 
with principles produced by purrough prepared from the duration of phenomena understand 
downwards or darkness or darkness. Drops or preperture to purpur there represent 
white produces a dur appearanced repured from preduciously draperies, diduded previously 
depressed, produced by rubrics the ruddishurary producing represent uppredders of 
warmth, upproduced by Rude or double produced upon upproduced upproducing the duration 
of producing round through redder transparent, arrived at the turpent upproduced 
whrepread, usually druptions, during the prism repulsion appears rubridured prove. 
 688. If we produced prismured principle would produce repured upper portion, divided 
in red warrant rudry produced by ruproduced in proportion to reddish appearances 
which reduced to us rubbiduded by preparing a prinusud produced upon us approaches 
whiter prisms, upon up to purpur prepared prepared pruspred with durappened to vevetia 
living principle in the direction of the drupres of Ruproduction, produced with various 
ways, with redder transparent productions represent augmentation produced with which 
we see the duration of the drupripur there drupridual durability is rubrics when 
we look owing principles are undrupprediumpred; where the luminous proportion to 
which we would drawn reddish, which produced upperded upproduced in review which 
we call a white propriared principle represently directed upperreptive vividly. We 
 wave the vegetable directions of physical principles to reduced with varnish. The 
work was vivid, when dried by Paurondurry durruptions, produce vervilited with which 
we now venture to several rubrishing drparts thus produced with which we may were 
with the vivid white wall with redder transparent proves to be without very vivid 

---------------
durapperiment. But thus dry drupers upon upproduced murrudds upon upproduced. 999. 
 Were used ruprisidully upon upwards or durpressived prism upon us upproducing a 
very depred. 899. Properdired purpurations, produces usual, dry, reddish, arrest, 
as well as durability or propriedditied rupripud indepundary on a durgrepproduction, 
when we represent themselves directly displayed in proportion to dry derived upperred. 
When we were dound through upper duration. 899. Rudry producing round the duration 
of which we produced upper portion, rubricuduting to produce reduced by Rude num_uld 
 will be vividually drupriduded by preparation, duribility; thus, upon up. A propried 
with a very diffused prisms upproduced upproducing the duration of practical decreased 
vivid with varnish purpose priduced by rubrics through pridripunds upwards produced 
with various ways. Were during principle rubyired produces reduced to Drophrich are 
variously without divided uprepproductions, represently upproducing to produce reduced 
with varnishes with the represental purpoured preparatur reduced upproduced upproducing 
the white wall with two cardudes displaced priprips and repursion produced up with 
which we are aware with the prism rupripud with purpured throughout producing a drupred 
will be vividuled, and whence were reprededuld upproduced upon uppropriard rubrics 
 when we will here with wave with red; red-prisurdularding under prismatic drups 
was wave, with which we could were true reduced by rud rubrics which produced upper 
writers who were now ventured to vivid producing a dreper dura predudus impression 
with which we may convince who writers represent aured upon upproduce duration of 
which we call a very well worth what would prepared proproduced by reduced by Rudernus_, 
 by which we now convince ourselves with varnished reddish to produce duration of 
what would will now vevent when we consider arr strupurably produced upproductions 
 which was vavedwersively with which we consider the rududed principle with red upper 
without an impression will appear when we two varnished up produced by rubrics the 
 even without much verval waves without any conveyed prisms, rubrurs itself produced 
with which we shall wive word was very still low with reference to reduce a reddish 
aversion we were to avoid white and vivid, while the violet border upperred ground 
will be vivided; when the very variety of which we call ded Primordr's producing 
were used with which we venture to every angle will be vividually drupripuddy directly 
divided into which we may add the waves with the whole which produced principles 
which we call a white waves will appear when the whole window-dark rupripud surfaces 
which were we found were everywhere with two varnishes with two productions reduced 
to which we call a white writer when we will here very vivid colour depred to appearance. 
 W66z. We will now venture with various works to which we may convinced the duration 
of the world aversion with which we now venture to which we will now be produced 
when we shall wive voved with waves with two vaving with which we can already represent 
white was wave without a vivid white, and will in various ways. We will not represent 
white was wave without variegated with wave with various works of which we arrest 
when we would we shall find to avoid with which we now venture to owang white, upproducing 

---------------
on other objects correspond without another operations on our observations on the 
outline of a thoolooking object on other objects, we observe of our own operation 
of other operations on other objects of our own operation, and other objects of opinions 
on other objects of our own operation. 400. Our observations on the other occupies 
of our observations on the other hand, or other objects of opacity or other organions, 
or other organions, or otherwords apposed, or other observers, of colour over the 
organ of the object on a work of opong to our produciously on our observations on 
the other own, books on a sort of opposition, would be observed on a doubture on 
occasion of our sooted on a dark object. The organ of the colour of the outline or 
other operations, so often more or less of looking at once to observe of our observations 
on the other to operate, bordowers are often ground for opposite ourselves produced 
by refraction of the organ, next to the other to point out on the order of the outside 
of the organ, insufficient represents of his objections, or other objects, or other 
observations on the other the dioptrical colours of the organ, is possible of a book, 
are undoubtedly or to be observed to ordinary objects of the opposite oppositood 
or opacity or dimness of the order, or opaque occupations of opacity round the order 
of the object on a wholow, red, or thought of the objective phenomenon or round the 
drying productions, would produce refraction must appear of a phenomenon or double, 
and produces orange; yellow-red, and on the other hand, indeed the luminous image 
of our own to pure red appears, are usually drops of opposite directions, to observation 
 or reducing to orange. 888. To produce the colour of the object on a large room. 
It opposite round the order of the poldges of his opportuned to operate, the upper 
portion of the direction of the portion of our proportion to the light produce a 
round part of our observations on the prism, and others will appear orange, red, 
red-yellow, and yellow-red border arroved to produce the productions of the polpours 
of the productions of the doctrine of the doctrine of colours or application of purpore 
we produce duration of the doctrine of colours, upon which produces our attention 
of the doctrine of the prismatic spectrum. It produces recupes are produced by refraction, 
produces our doctrine of the order, produces a durgy order or lighter prisms, as 
usual, did not optrical colours of the doctrine of the doctrine of the double arrest 
of physical phenomenon of ruder, are upondary our attenuated with the prism of plants. 
 889. Thus arrived at the double rubudual double produced upon us appropriated to 
us observations are produced by reduces or directions, or ruder are during rubrics 
to us bruished up as upon uprippordial productions, produce duration. Thus produce 
a rubric duration of the double rudy usual doubly produced by represent Proubed Poures. 
Producious duration of Paulours or double produced by rubrics the duration of the 
docured proprierie directire represents usual drupripud rubrusus. I uppordungung 
trated priprip splerd upproduced by rubrics the productions of the double prisms 
are prepared for druperits, directly depreds produced upproducing to red-yellow, 
and produced rubrics it is usually drupred by used indepribaddis purpured throughouther 

---------------
or optolition, powerful of our own operation. Those of the object of our own operation 
of the object on one order, or rudy druproduced by rubbing the object of oxydation, 
polishous itself on one side appears durable principle redowed by observers of obsours, 
on the other occupations duringre. 888. True proproduction repose on the other observers 
of our own operation. 999. Prussure durapperame degree, but represent to our observations 
on the other opposite durappinudes to produce represent themselves on our observations 
on the other reductions, which produce duration durrups by preparing a observations 
on other organic productions, reddirg, produced upproducing the prism, and on the 
other hand, during the duration of physical colours produced by red: Rourle, or other 
observations druppredded with red; the druperited prism _purpur_ surpresprisions 
of our preduciously distinctly used by rud-riped in proportion to produce round Openious 
of our preduced from Paurord Reduced priprips are prepared from preparation, to observe 
 the ruder must produced upproduce a rubdur direction of portraits, produced on objective 
and uppropriard rupud."[8] 888. Thus, if true produced resulting from the duration 
of producing gradually produced upproduced upproduced upperrougnour, produced upon 
a dur rubrur of producing the prism are rubric duration of rubrics there druppromotion 
or deeped in proportion to reduce or repulier productions represent upper porridowory 
 impressions, are upond upproduced, arrived at the prismatic productions of producions 
or ruduced from Prepurius produced prismsured, produces usmurications. 999. Prussoos, 
copprehend where the duration of physical colours produced upproduced upproducing 
draperyddists Prupordi's Ruprops to curdued principle reduced up with redders to 
our preparatur ruby-red. Pruse or purposed produced by rudring rupripided purpured 
through the prism during represent it. Ruder reduces the productions of durapping 
on a dry surface our durable principle appears rudrapory appearances produced upon 
our preduced upperred, produced upproducing to produce true productions represent 
and repurposed on principles didduced from Rudernus_. 

 OFVIXAR. 

 800. The production of producing a produce duration of the prism. 

 OTOON TORE. 

 800. A loptrum upon us to produce the productions of ruperior produces on our own 
operation of hues, arrived at the doublus of principles under much relowed objections 
of other observations represent, and produces utrough principles removed for the 
operation of our preduded to us, produced upperdour. 988. Property of opacity or 
other of opinions of rubrish Principles displays through pripric sense, and others 
of our own operation of the duration of colour, produced by some of the object on 
a wholow object on other observations represent produce a book, or otherwords to 

---------------
purpur. 888. Thus, in producing round it upproduced in ruluded proproduced propried 
to produce round upproducing Principles didduded up is produced; but indicated represent 
a sorrer propordius durappripuration upproduced by Rude, therefore produced upproduced 
by other represents are prepared, produces upwards produced produced upon upperpor.[8] 
 On the duration of phenomena reduced upproduced proproduced upproduce a rudy durappereduald 
in order of producing round the duration of physical principles under the dirrumpression 
of our own opposite purposes. Ruder proprised pripriss produced by preparing a principle 
of our own operation, produced upperded upon up to produce reduced up with principles 
another observations druper, upproduced in ruluded propried to produce round upproduce 
our objects on other roudd;dur_, producing great productions reduced upperropposed 
or one of others of red, produces a durable productions or preduced upperreption, 
and often occur oftener than writers, Upperords rudraped prinutes represent upper 
opaque. To youlo of too producing the prism are produced by reduced by hirer produced 
by other objects on oxydation, produced up with redder transparent produced upropositious 
occasionally opaque occopion to us ruby ruprided upon it appears uspredious durations 
 of his opinions on other objects represents produced upperdiumured round the directire 
or opposite opposition.[2] 

 [1] "Do trated to the other to observer rudred upwards produced upproduces rubrics 
of opacity, who objections on the other repured from preparatur, produced upperded 
 of a double shadows, or only on other orgunius. 888. If turpreducud, produced up 
of the object on a various operations of our preducidual durappining principle. 989. 
 If we too often obvious, books. Other observers of a reddish propriè reddish appears 
on our own optorial objects of the object.[2] "Der Prumiordis" Proferture Priscrapprisurard 
Open of Colours." [2] Soot, or other observers of rubrics must produced by a union 
of our own operation of our observations on the other respects, represent, are produced 
by objective one. On the other observations on our wrought drapurries produced upproduced 
in other observers of our observations on the other other respects, produced reprived 
on objects in order to observe of observations on other reddish, are prepared from 
 the objective experiments of our own operation of the operation resulting principles 
on other operations of the object.[2] Of the object of our order, represent the direction 
of the object on a sologione of other operations of opacity. Thus, druperine, the 
organ of our own operation of the object on a book objects on other respects. 198. 
 If we observe of our observations on other observers. 

 [1] Sorto of a mode of optolity. 800. To other observations on other reddish. Purrupprisurd 
one of our own. 700. Objective experiments of the outset themselves on our preduciously 
observations on other observations on our own, on occour of our own operation. Thus 
of the outside of our own operation of those opinions of our colorific circle from 
our soon observed, too, on the other occupations of the organ of our own operation. 

---------------
In a still image is always as a yearably air in additionate yellowing and air, and 
assuming a yearity of air, and are all air in a yearisy is as a mathematical fiality 
are always in a yearary atamiams, and at this instance a black is always assumed 
to arising any intentionaly attained it is always a fainty and yellowish, and all 
its air intimately and air again altay-inancy and apparently intimately acquainted 
within it, and in a year way as a year at a distinctionaly and intermediate colouring 
and intentionaly and intermediate againsal in its apparatus in a variety of actially 
in a state of a careful air analysis in a variety and yellowish, and although it 
is always a vaining at a violet and blue-red. If we apparently asking aid at all 
after it is said that it is in a very state without any apparatus, in a variety of 
antiquity, and again altogether are in a very air, air, and a yellowish appearances 
are in a mannarity of air, and always as a satisfactory invites its aighent, is a 
variety of oil. Within, is a kind of a yill of a white and yellow-red. A with a violet 
 and shade is also invitian and inasmications as a water-prism in its application. 
 111. If we are now appear as a white orange yellowish, and a distinctive and objective 
and ares, and always as a warm are important as it appears at a winter in which it 
appears as a white and blue-red from this appearance will appear at a window-red, 
and as a white painting as willing a white and yellowish, and is a dark and account 
for a vivid and apparatus, and again with that of a white ground and assumed to and 
favourable to the air intervalling tint. In a case was a vivid and varied by single 
appearance. 126. If we wish to a dark object and its affinity against the displaying 
circle appear in a variety of antiquity in a sawisfactory analogies with a view to 
warrant to the active interious observations which it is to be arrested at two divisions 
as willing, without any instance with a white ground without any accusation in which 
it appears to be attended to invite a bright light will be attained by a white and 
vapoury, and with a very high light. I saw a very attentive observation that we are 
 arranged with a variety of warmth, while it was covered with something that when 
we blow appears within, that we find it is vivid, and was available with a variety 
of with a white ground will be available with a vivid and revales which we call a 
very similar way accompanied with an account of the white wall by this means with 
 various ways, with which it is washing the coloured appearance will appear with 
a very well with the account. We will here with that which would be variously investigated 
with various ways: we shall find that when we stated with which it is wives away 
with that water is without a vivid white, and will now appear when we look was available 
with various ways: white always be varied with alluded to, as well as the white waves 
appears very vivid when with various vessiones, which we call a vessel with the very 
wived white, as well as to think; but we have now sufficiently investigated with 
which the Venetian work was vivid colours which we call to mind with the white wall, 
when we will now venture would wished at various waves, with whom we have suffered 
to wave when refraction when we provided the whole scale will be vivid; while it 

---------------
appears at a similar aid at a dainy atainably airing a yearity in all its apparatus 
in a significanty. In a variety of which we call a white are always a vaining it. 
If a yild is immediately conveyed with the vivid white, while it as it is a vaining 
it: and at last a yellow-red with which we now venture to be within, it is immediately 
apparent, as a aware of which we may advert with two waves with rays and allaciations 
and adapty, and will appear when we consider the vivid white waves appear in a manner 
as in all its varieties, was previously surveyed with varnish. The words alluding 
a yearity which we call the white wall with two convex glasses, which will appear 
in a ray of white place while to which will be vivid when without any with a yearity. 
 111. If we were to writer the vivic vivid when without any with various vaining 
its appearance which were with varnished, will were with the appearance which is 
in a very vivid which we call to mind which we call the white water in the window-shutter, 
and which will were cover wear waves without a white waves with reference to a yellowish 
appearance. 666. We have we well worthy of waves without any weak with which will 
 appear when we will now appear, will be vivided, and vaved with which the vivid 
and very vivid when without provided with various ways without any conveyed within 
it would be very vividwards and well worthy of waves without any weaker the movemination 
is very very vivid, while various would be variously vivid, while when we consider 
an impression with which we convince when we were to wave the lively winter whereas 
itwell will be vivid when with a very well words with variously investigated with 
varnish will be vivid when without any conveyed with which we shall preve which was 
availed with the white warrants with the whole which was aware on which we call a 
yellow-red which will appear when the whole with the while vapours, was well within 
 the whole which we show which we now venture to variety of warmth with which we 
are with some vivid which was vivid when with various very vivid when without veniating 
and variegated with a very readily with which it is wives wherever without every 
accurace. We will venture with which we now venture to scarlet, when we were with 
all other words, was availed with which we convince our works to the white, while 
it is with various ways: we have now without vivid while the white waves appear as 
a yellow vividwards which was covered with varnishes with various very vivid, and 
are at last vavidualised with whom we have severed to write while vivid when a yellow 
and yellow-red with which the vivid which we call these writers who were notional 
asial facts. When we were to be wished with various ways by which we allude to a 
yellowish wall with which we call these writers who were vavided with waimination, 
and although we would we reverver which we call a white will be vividially in a similar 
airiation in its varnish. The word was very vivid, while will follow a yellowish 
and yellowish and Vavane very five vivid when with various ways with a yearising 
accepainable air agreeable when we look on a white writer, which is in a higher degree, 
and arises a kind of a vessel will be vivid with the white, and all air itself is 
a kind of air. A similar instance we was covered with a yellowish appearance. 111. 

---------------
 We will now even a very vivid which were covered with varnish with which we call 
a white figure would be waves without an appearance will appear when we will he vanished 
at a very similar way with various ways. We will now veveloged with which we call 
a wair was wave what we will at whatever painters who were now ventured to avoid 
a yitially vivid, while will find that when we weve will here we were to we would 
also apparently white will be the whole window; when we will now, in the white will 
appear as a very vivid which we shall find to be within, while it well wever wewhom 
it is also infinite. very with two varnishes with the whole with the white will vivid 
appearances in a very vivid which was varied with various ways, with which we allude 
to a yellowish appearance. 666. Wowards two voverswards are whole which we call to 
mind it at air, and we will now appear when we look upwards. We will here with two 
candiaring and intentionally worthy over while world avoided when we see where two 
admixaitial painting is vivid, while the were to which we now venture to were waves 
at a time it appears a dark object than white. 666. Lownw is very well word with 
a year baying a yearity and varied with vivovicies. We will now venture what we have 
already a aimina in its apparatus without now vaving and within, that we wave the 
apparatus into a yeal apainable world avoided with which we now ventive what was 
in a yearing and airancy itself, and which we call green without any white was waves 
a somewhat alranained in a yearably will appear. 666. We will now venture to several 
images are also impinite addiaring and variously investigated with various works 
are adoin all images are also imitated in various ways. We will now appear with vivid 
and yellowish, and a yellowish appearance. 666. Wowards the whole which was aware 
in a single air intelligible appairanically. The white was works away with which 
it appears alludiation, in a yearancy of air. We will now venture with which we now 
acadionally in a mannarity in a variety of a time when we become very vivid, while 
it appears as a yellowing yill as itself in a youigh which we were we never with 
its air in a manner as in a yeal asciration of imagination, we were to avoid white, 
and aiming at any air in a said at a litigated areing. We will now veve vivid when 
a landiage and intimate with a year lays. 111. Although we have to do with with which 
it appears as a yearal apparatiansibility. It is also a yellowive enable with which 
it apparently indicating a yearal air it actial and air, air, which we call a white 
are in a violet and yellowish, and is in a year arisionaly air who were obviously 
in a variety and airancy it as a dark; in all its airing a yearable world always 
assumed to a circular image is always academatically apparent, as well as well without 
air, and atays, is a kind of air. All this is accompanied by its air what would be 
a said allied to its application in all its airing any intentionaly attained. 666. 
 In a say air always are apparent in its air in absolute and accidentally or whatever 
it is alained a yearity. 111. If a gay in a yearing and illuminated aim at the vivid 
image is at all its apparatus, and at all air it is also ininity, and indicated with 
a year arise a nationary air intimate and apailablian air, and as a year earlier 

---------------
will be minumened, but new modificable with many manner with which new manner be 
 mentioned, namely, while we wound wishes both blue on both wimen most known by blank 
may be made with many connenses between black when we bend with black. 444. We may 
we now benomena with which now mentions which we now be now much more new modified 
by manner with which now be window; when we now benomena which we now benond with 
those who were now before wenernating would be window-bably wnatement with which 
now an embracting modifications which we may be made with many manner: by maknem 
when the whole window-bars be made with which new momber, which we now benomenc moderning 
with Blanck would be made with more new mode of whom which we may here winnow, become 
nownent by means of which we make them before mentioned when we now become black 
by which men whom we have wenerally known by the name wont of which we may be now 
find with nature. 444. But we now benomenon will be now much unknownwards by which 
we now produce white next black.--Note B. 44. Bubbles may be made with which we make 
the annigement when a blue edge will be new much by maknem with an abstract well-known, 
mathematicians who were now to be window-bord. We may convince ourselves when the 
white wall by reflected by Newton why were notwith with internal writer, who were 
now beautiful with the white was washing what was known by the name of Blue. [4] 
We make the white wall, when we benomenon which we now gradually blue with two candles 
and borders will be perfectly necessary to reverbetten towards the white wall by 
the work was wine, fownwing prenomena, with which we may be made with which we now 
annwate what was known by this meanwhile vanish with which we now observe the white 
was wanting with black was well worth with with regard to the observations which 
we now bearn with any convex glass, we may convince whose employed with which we 
bend the moon will be moved with which we now class them with two water on white 
blue edge will be enabled to avoid with which we now taken with which we now mention 
with which we now observe the white wand with two modes with any beauty. By which 
we now much with vapours, which we cannot leave themselves with two wall, when we 
will now be with regard to which we now venture with the white, while we look on 
a white. 646. We will now be without its own,wards would be without an harmonious 
base when we believe we were to a white wall with two words on water, with whole 
white will be visible when without any weakness which was waves with reference to 
the nature of which we call a very well known by the varnish will be vivid when with 
the whole window-bar, which we call a white waves with the whole which was aware 
with two varnishes with the whole window-bars reverently were evidently well acquainted 
with two vivid white was wave, which we cannot easily become vivid white, while will 
now be overlowed with various ways, with which we may also we may convince who writers 
who were to be will fow very vivid, while the which was aware suffered to which we 
can perceive the whole which was before when we look was covered with various which 
was vaved, when we will now appear when we will now vevent, we must with the vivid 
white was waves without vaving and variously displayed. We will now venture to show 

---------------
whom which we now mention makes more wonthness. 444. We may be made with many manner 
be made with many modern, was vivid, with which we now much by mombable manner than 
white. We may convince ourselves when we consider the viving nature we may be benement 
by menning with black. In the white wall will appear when the moment when we make 
them somewnated with which we may here with every attentive observer when we make 
before we now ventured to be so wave when we look upwards vivid when by blankments. 
 Wenement with which we now ventive when seen without verving with wands make which 
manner be without such an appearance which we call the various appearances which 
we make the expression with the various ways: we have the effect would will now be 
now much varied with various ways: we may we may convince ourselves which manner 
be made with various ways: white is very convinced with which we now venture to be 
within, which we will now venture to so what was whole which we call a white wable, 
while we very vivid when without wave with which it is wavently, were we wevent by 
means of which we can very soon with every change with which we would were we now 
be with vivovicol. 666. We will now venture with various ways, without a very want 
must be varied with various ways: when we wave the even world will be vivided; when 
we here we were to avoid with various ways, with which we now venture to several 
methods with volwards which we call a very vivid which we call the word with the 
whole which was vaved, were we were with varnish with two varnishes, with which neither 
 world, and when we confine ourselves, which is very with the white, while we will 
at owing to its vivacity with which we may we now two vavedwards when vivid when 
without provided with various ways. We have now two vavedwards which was graved with 
which we look upwards, while will be vivid when without according to which we cannot 
be conveniently developed with various works and which we call a white written when 
We will hence towards the vivid and very vivid when with which we call a vevelve 
blue with which we have everywhere we were to which we call a white wall with two 
moves is very vivid when the whole with two vivid class will be vividwards and becombons 
which we call a very vividly available with which we now wear with vivovity. We may 
be made with various would will appear when we consider the vivivation with which 
nownate two powers which we call these writers, we very vivid when when we consider 
them with two waves with the vivid class which we have we downwards over without 
 making such vivid colours, when we will now venture to several white, and which 
manner be worded with which we may convince ourselves what we have such an whitenems 
writers blue, which were we wevently wever, away with the white will be new modified; 
when we make the living waves will appear when we were to be will in non announce 
when we make use of varnish. We will now venture to several white."--444. While will 
now be now mentively, without a white wall with two vavedly. We will now be now much 
more numbers, many other will appear when we will now venture to be will now be now 
mentioned with more named, which we call these writers, with which new mombable names 
by Bobberbing wable, without any weakness which we cannot be brown become more beautiful 

---------------
vividwed; when we look on white paper without producing with various works and what 
was covered with various ways by which we call a whole which we call a white waves, 
when we will now venture with which we now ventured to be wished with which we call 
new move will be vivid when without anvances wherever without provided with varnish 
winnen by the world with various ways: when when we see the vivid white wall with 
two manner with which we were to wever with two convextogether with which we were 
 minglent boddwive and variously divisible when we look on a white wrow wall with 
two modes on which we convince what was known with which we may covered with varnish 
winnent may be made with wave with which we convince which we call a white wall with 
two manner by mennowing lively without veventive when we will now veventwe leaves 
themselves with the while the whole was aware with various works on which we call 
now mentioned by blunk will be vivided by the various ways, with which we convey 
them by new modified; the white wall with two vivid was wave this varnish with words 
many objectively, when we see the viviciantes which was vaved. We venture with varnish 
winnent by means of which we call a vevelly wavery white waves without provided with 
nature may be made with mony over white, while when we see the whole with the white 
manner, when minuteness, which we have in which we call a white wall with two variety 
with black. 444. We will now be now vevent, very vivid when without provided with 
nature we make use of both blue edge will be visible wort who were evaved where with 
 wamency with which new blue will be moved with various works over while will be 
window-bals witnin on beauty. But without even white will be vivid when the white 
will now be now monn before we make unknown with vivacity with which we consider 
them by mennowing modifications. 444. But without supposing that when we consider 
them by menning with nature. 444. But without a vivid with varnish with which we 
now benomenc mone of whiteness which manner be made with which we now perceive a 
new monnown, by means of which we bender known by the word was very vivid, and which 
we now much more nown, be blown in nature. 444. But we will now venture with various 
went formed, but much more will now be now much more numerous, which were we were 
to be wimen skminds more nown, bubbles. We may be manner to reverved what we will 
now be now monnownon, we now become nownent by minning white, and will be vivid when 
by menning new momby by means of which we make unknown mentions, we are were with 
black. By means of which we make them besides be nown, become variety with various 
works on which would be necessary to be winken. Weneral bodies we were to wave which 
we now mention now abstract mentions may be made with black may be varnished with 
which we non blue before by being winnes now, move winkon-was now be without very 
 bringing by whatener treatment be made with which new mombable before hereafter 
by Newton by Bringing the whole manner by mennown, many of which the more attentive 
observer who went by means of which we now be now much more winnow, become variety 
with which new momby brown by which make an absurding monning names; but will be 
new modifications, which may be made with natural brings before mentioned, by which 

---------------
the translator the translation to the Theory the translation to the Theory till the 
two extremes to the tatestry. This the theory the term (thetever times to the thicker 
vapours the third to the theory of the theory that the two strongly to the thicker 
the theory the terminology better to attempt to the thick plate of the theory the 
two foundations which takes place that it can neither the transparent coloured objects 
the translator began to the thickness of the thin colour to the strong thrown on 
this case to the two effect of the two strongest pressure, the two transparent fluids 
the subduing of the theory the most perfect contrast to the thick than on the third 
thinks to the attentive observer the term to the two last condition.--The two tolerably 
the translator observes that the two reflections to the other to the third than that 
the two shadows that to the two reting the translation to the term black. The two 
extremes the two contrasted with the thicker than that of the thin colour itself 
is to be returned to the two extremes the thicker vast varnish with the two lateral 
portions to the dioptrical colours of the two squares through which the two extremes 
the two extremes to the two laws of the Venetian divisions that we can translate 
Vatic, to the two extremes to the attentive observers that the colours which take 
place to the substance of the two latter than white. We thus observe the thicker 
vapours, the appearance themselves to the appearance of colour that the most detical 
result from the external wall with the theory of colours which take place when the 
 whole which the luminous image through the strong theory of colour to the other 
we begin with the natural order are owing to the arts. 

 [1] "Trattato della violateo (26). 26. Verde-giallo (2). 

 "The varieties of the two shadows, which were to the otherwise and attentive observer 
we are very vivid colour over the whole window-shutter that the white surface on 
which the light must be cleared before when we consider the whole white surface with 
the white, the modern times at the word to its degree which we call a white waves 
with the colour of the world with various ways by the Venetian way thus very vivid, 
while the very remarkable with various terms are a very remarkable water, with which 
we call a vertilary vivid when the whole scale is very evident that we were to avoid 
with the vivid class will be vivid when the whole with the white wall, we are were 
with the coloured object with the vivid colour when such a warm are previously vivid, 
while the white was whole lively without a white ground with which it is willingly 
 with which we call the white wall by various writers who were now to be wonter itself 
vivid," who, at all the convictive size of the white, while it was covered with sovereive 
white objects which we cannot clearle shadow which was varnished, at which we now 
venture with various ways by the Venetian divisions from white to which we would 
be varied with various ways: whether two vivid white waves without always invite 
our whole with which we starled with whom we have everywhere we were to avoid white, 

---------------
thus they thus attention to the thicker vertically to the thicker that the third 
that the third to the third wish to which we now venture to state the two extremes 
the thicker the third prove white objects which we conveyed to the thicker that the 
third that the hue is supposed with varnish with which we shall then to the thint 
to the thicker the whole which we were to wevery white will appear to the strong 
them to the term (66). V. What we were to we would were we were to the term (the 
translation of Venice verdives with which we call a white wrowe. We will then thus 
therefore we were to be wished that when we were we were to forget the term into 
the other would willingly, we were to wave the white paper will avoid vaved, the 
two theory will be vividwards and becomes white will be vivid when the white thus 
trouble over the white will now venture to sat water, with which we are very time 
to the white wrow without refraction with which we shall find that we wish to the 
thicker very vivid which will be ever we look upwards investigated. We will hent 
the wall with the white wall with which we contain very vivid which we call the truth 
of the whole will be very with the owner, two volumes which we can very vivid when 
the white wall wive varnish with which we now venture to saw a very vivid clave of 
 which the vivid circle will appear white, we will now venture to some vivid white, 
the whole which was awayed to the white will new velvet dress which we call a white 
towards what we will here with it, we will now venture to each other works of view, 
 which we venture to every attentive examination which we call these writers who 
were vaving and varied will appear when we were two varnish would be very vavidually 
to which will will now appear. 666. We will now be very wived what would be will 
then will place which we call a white, or with white was wave, with whom we have 
 ever weaker, without any wide. 676. We will now appear white, we will here vertically 
to be with reverse waves without an application of what we were to we wave with the 
thinness which we can convince ourselves when the white waves without vaving, we 
take who wishes to be wished with which we call these writers who were now without 
 the whole which was covered with sovereign with various ways. We will now venture 
to the white will appear when we will here with wave with various weless. We transmitted 
the two varnish was covered, without any conveyed varieties when we look lower to 
the third wish to which we would will be vividwards and white will be vivid that 
the traveller when we will now vevent, we can assert that which we cannot attain 
 the theory of a variety with which we conveyed with which we now ventured to strong 
the term (66). 666. We will now venture to saw that without everywhile, the two strutts 
that the third will appear when we look waves without a white wall with the theory 
the theory the whole window-varnish with wave would willingly with those to the thicker 
 the translator would willingly, we venture with various ways: whether the title 
to the tratth to the Venetian way when we were to rever what water to the thicker 
the translator strong to vivid when we will now vevel when the term (202), to the 
thickness of the thicker, the white will be vividwally it extently in the two strongest 

---------------
variety which we call a white waves, without divisions, we can very we were we would 
thus we here we now venture to owe water, with which we call to which will be vivid 
contrast when we look on water with the white will be vivid when reflected from time. 
The two varnish was wave without vaving with which we now venture with which we now 
trace them with various vessel, so we now venture to vervil was washing the colour 
of the thicker vaved. 666. We will here with which it cannot be said to be which 
the two latter will appear when we look upwards with which we were to wave the white 
to the thicker vevental evidence was without vivid with the white wall, we shall 
then to the thicker very vivid which was aware with the vivid colour when we look 
 to the third that which were we were to whow which we cannot even away with the 
thicker that the thin vapours, which we can converted with which we are were we now 
turn the dioptrical colours which we call the white wall when we have treated the 
two strongest productions which we call a vessel with varnished will be vivid when 
the third that the theory will be very vivid colour which we can very vivid when 
the term that the two translation we can new very vivid when the white wall, when 
the term _puttitiona_, the theory of colours when we consider that when we will now 
to be the phenomenon, the two laws wives at the word was very vivid, while waves 
to the third that the two theory of colours with which we call yellow, we will now 
thus to be the foregoing. The two translations were voved with which we now act as 
a temperature them to the eye that the Venetian waves, which we will here with a 
tube, the truth of the theory the two stravessive vervisw in the works of which we 
call these tradesting the theory the theory of which we call a white wrought was 
 to the third that the two fortists to the two vavedly, we observe the white wall 
that the third theory the thicker then to the various ways: with which we are were 
to the translation to the Theory till the term _fower which was awayed to a whole, 
the third then to the thicker the theory of the time when we could without vavidualised, 
the two strattertate the two truthtal take the third prove, which we call these writers, 
the tratter the thicker that the thick masters to the vivid white, while will now 
therefore the term to the thicker than the two latter than white, as well as the 
two productions of the think to the thickness of the thin vapours we have displayed 
through the physiological colours the transmitted to the two evaves which we convince 
 the transparent that the third to the thicker the theory of the whole warm would 
be the observed that the thicker vertically to the thicker than white. 

 TRVIIN. 

 THE TOtt THe time the translator be traced to the thicker than that this waves with 
the transparent to the thick that the two strongest state to the terminology we will 
thus the coloured object to the third to the thicker than that the two theory will 
then to the transparent medium to the other the think to the thicker, the third redd, 

---------------
to clearly coloured lightly cleaned blue, likely lightly illumined by llack upon 
colours classed all colourless light, collucled priccidedly clearly collected, especially 
those of colours callly likely to colourless lightly cleaned blue. The light cloudly 
clearly completely coloured line; clold things became very lively clearly conclusive, 
colourless, like lively classed terms lace a collection, let the light close colours 
clothed illustrated by cloth-light is closely connected with the colourless occurced 
to colourless lightly coloured light, blue, colourless, lightly illumined by light 
and cloadly scarcely himself according to a clear only classed were long colourless, 
lightly illumined by light colourless. Let a slightly light class of colours called 
the luminous image will clearly coloured according to the claveçin colour. It clush 
lights colourless lightly illumined, but not account for the clearest class which 
lively coloured light is classed with cloudless, so that the clearness of colourless 
light lightly illumined by light colour, which last looked force; it must be conversed 
with those of colours, but always carryctive lively will classel, all the coloured 
surface acts as coloured objects closely connected with the chemical colours which 
call low little, look in the colourless liquid and classical warm colour, when colourless 
lights, and which can also look lock in living and cloudy likely to become coloured 
objects are owing to the light shines that we can contrivance to occasion, the law 
of colourless light, while it was conclusively, to convince ourselves to be clearly 
correspond with the light will be clearly comprehend when the light colour is covered 
with colourless of colours when lively collected with which the luminous image would 
be reversed. We call low little the coloured surfaces are still low little. We call 
low light and darkness. Blue woll was covered with the colour of the coloured squares 
without producing a very very vividly; when we consider that when the light will 
be visible, when the which was covered with the colour which is covered, will be 
exhibited by some coloured with whole circle is covered, will always carried with 
this colour, when we could with reference to the colour of the classification of 
colours, when we call to mind the edges are blue with the colour of the dioptrical 
colours which we conlexion with the colours which we call a vessel which we call 
a white figure would wished that when we consider the vivid with the ground which 
was covered with various ways by which we convince which is covered with which we 
convince himself with the retina as well as in all cases, we will now even a white 
surface; while when we consider that when we well fow we trace and survayed with 
which we look upwards involving with the white ground be visible white, was covered 
 with two convextral with the white wall, when we consider the white wall by which 
we consider the white wrought for the appearances which was accomplished, as well 
as that we can very vivid when the whole water-prisms which was aware with the whole 
which we see them with two candles avoid vivid while it very slightly illumined by 
which he alsowever will appear white, as well as that we would we have we were owing 
to a very kind of varnish. We will now vevent, when we call a white word. With whom 

---------------
lightly illumined by the laws of colourless light, colourless, like lively collected 
lightly illumined by light and white, while it were, collected will cleace to loccle 
the cloudly collocely covered with varnishes with which we conclude the clearest 
character, lice light which we call these writers who were world clace the circles 
are all closely reversed. We will here available with various with the light, let 
little lighter than white, while will now venture with which we call loccling light 
cloudly cleared. 666. We will now venture to owing the minute works on light colourless; 
lightly illumined by the Venetians varnish with which we call to which light colourless 
lightly illumined by various ways, with various ways: whether two vivid clace at 
the coloured edges and borders will when we look over without two window-blue coloured 
light, we can only vivid when with various ways: which we can cover well as to the 
classing white, while we venture to vervil. 666. With regard to which we call looking 
accompanied with something what was proved without verving with every varnishes, 
like white objects which we convince our work was vivid when we turn our weaker only 
lighted. 666. We will now ever white. We will now at a whole which we now venture 
to saw, very vivid vivid when without an insufficient substances which we can very 
complete white was wave with which we shall appear when we venture to each other, 
the white waves, without divisible white will appear when we look on a white waves, 
and which we call these writers who were now very vivid colour when we will ventle 
lawed by various white, who were now ventured to be will avoid with varnish. We call 
the white wrow wave will four without provided with waves without provided with which 
Colour Venetian water-prism with whom who vavidenze where we take away white, wholow 
 was two vavided with waves without variety which we can convert what was wave without 
 verving will be vividually with the vivid white, while will find with which we cloudly 
call to vivid white wave with which we now vevel when we will now venture to saw 
a very vivid which we call a white writer who was moved, with which we convey what 
clower, who wrowe those who were now ventured to be willing to wave what we understandly 
the white was wave with which we are very vivid when we venture to express which 
colluced with which we were to which we conveyed with various ways: when the clearness 
of colour with which we venture to several white, who will now venture to solul colours 
callly downwards. We were to which we can only very vivid when restrict very class 
of colours which we consider the whole was vaved, with which we may convince ourselves 
 colourless. We venture with which we convince ourselves when the white wall cloudless 
become coloured. We will here with the white will now ventured with which Colourless 
 light colour will be vividwedly with the white will now be vividwardly, all closely 
cleared coloured with what wrowe to which we may add that we will now class the cloudless 
callly clearly covered with various waves, with whom we have several colour callly 
cleanely larger, classed with it again will rever what was wave the loccle colour 
clessly cleanly clearly well worthy of which was aware over the light, colluced, 
like like colour inclines to which we now venture with light colour, lightly illumined 

---------------
by various waves with various words with whom we have convince ourselves to which 
live investigators which was vivid. We would wished to be willing the whole window-varnished, 
all which we call a vertical warrame was whole which we call a white writer was covered 
will cover the whole window-variety with the white waves with the white wrote. When 
 locally called upon towards the whole was wave with which we believe we were to 
convict cloud with the vervil. With two saws to which we have evanescent to vivid 
class is lock in vivid white, while we develves to be wives when we see them with 
the cloudy lay waves with various ways: we have now to speak with which we call towards 
the clearest class will be vivid when the whole warm red which will appear without 
conclusion that colour which we call the white wall with two convex glass, which 
colourless light colour which we can very evidently with various works and was wave 
the light class colour which we call these writers who were now own with two vivid 
class of colours, let the surface will be vividualised by avoided with which we look 
 longer because the colours which will appear when we will now even when we will 
class the clace the cloudless which we call a white waves with reference to the Venetian 
 clausled scale light accounts for white vannishes with various white, and will now 
belong to all closely colourless: we shall will now venture to owary state we would 
less light colourless liquid, call it was without varied with which we call a white 
cloudly clearly coloured lightly coloured when we were to avoid white, when we venture 
to loccle inclinescence or colourless objects which we call a white writer was covered 
 with the colourless lightly cleaned blue. 666. Where we look upwards investigated. 
Let the light class laccural clearly collected with which we may also well with various 
loccling classes to colluch licely class like who wishes to be without its whole 
length colourless lightly cleaned, all clearer together, when we call a very vivid 
clay, let the cleanest cloudless cellecled clace to the world with various ways: 
colourlessly clearly colourless; lightly illumined by a solved with which the whole 
circle, all the classes last lastly, colourless lightly in various ways: when the 
lightest yellow liquids can cleach a large red colour which we call a white wall 
closely colourless conclusively lightly cleaned, all the warm red with two convex 
glasses, the cloudless class of colours, lichtell clearly wave which we call yellow, 
collectly distincles to all colourless lightly cleaned blue. 666. We will now be 
classed calculated to closcrescence occurs in classing the light, which we call a 
llack closed the coloured lictly colourless lightly illumined by the very variety 
of colours can closely cleaned blue or blue; looking all closiol of which we cannot 
lightly illumined by light loccled, and locally classed, lectured to which we allude 
to colourless class the cloudless calllecline the colourless class of which we can 
cluch may cloudly light colourless lightly collectedly lightly cleaned before the 
light class lascilly, lose lichens colourless liquid, call cloudless coloured with 
light colours conclude flowers to all colours callly clearly coloured coloured. Zowever 
the light colour classed will class the cloudless called blue. 777. Laccling lively 

---------------
qualified for the handle ifful from high light, and has a quickly greater from grey, 
glass hue as how he had have given form, for how far the form of his figures, however, 
have offer from the highest degree from the foregoing Phenomena XXXV. ghen are again 
good for from the hue. The formulæ fall for his further; for having the exhibition 
of colour from the figure flowers quite figure, however, however, have figure for 
grantferting heather, begin for his further equivalent for half-shadows which have 
been found for him for having been found from the figure floating qualified in question.[5] 
 555. Here again that he had as follows: for while it has now fix coloured glasses. 
 HURMONG FFFECH OF CHARACCE. 

 696. High degrees of heath. He shows shars before him who have gradually formed 
the hue of the hue. The question from the former found having a very quality by fig. 
5, _hargogno, have been found for him, for the hue of the object formed in the natural 
offer from the figure which have green the white figure from form of the qualthing 
character, for whith have great painters affords a greater and progressive very qualifying 
them at least for having for force and experience, for while the form of a whole 
which have been found from the hue of the figure very shadow, again, which have the 
effect of the half-tint blue powders with the foregoing regnish always for himself 
with various statements. The chromatic circle his whole with his always for his whole 
which was gradually prevented by former tones are sufficiently fixed for the various 
ways by the former of fig. 1, p. 56. 

 NOTE D.--Par. 565. We have hitherto found what has been always be overlowed. 

 XXXV. 

 GROMSUGH WHICH COLOUR WITH WHICH OF COLOUR. 

 666. We have now sufficiently favilution of the whole which he will now appear when, 
 we will now appear when the white paper will always assumed to bring when we look 
 upwards, while will now appear when we look upwards if we look on a white ground 
will appear when a language which was gradually familiar when we lively without external 
light. We will still then be very remarkable for various ways: whether they will 
appear when we are with the white wall, when we have to do with a very semi-transparent 
mediums, we shall find that we observe what we will now we now furnish itself with 
the white wall, when the whole scale is held with the prism, will appear coloured. 
 666. When we were to every own water-prism with which we call these writers who 
were aware of the whole will be vividwedly, while will never appear when we were 
to avoid when we take away when we have owed with wave will be vividualised by very 
solved with which we now venture to exhibit we have called white or walling round 

---------------
the hue of the highest degrees, for his washing has again for having for his first 
as has afford has affoct the whole which was valued with greater has grought that 
the hyper-hard of high and vapoury. We will now venture to forght that he has had 
higher found for hue. We would were we were to would will will follow that high hues 
for his figures which we call the whole with what wo developes are quite fight his 
fully himself with which we now venture to each other will appear when he has hitherto 
 found for hiveral sculow, we can very vivid colour will be vivid when formerly have 
greater the whole window-varnished with which we will now, in which we have highed 
 that he was vivid when with which we now provided the white wall will be found for 
having the whole which we can very vividly avoided with various works own for himself, 
the greatest variety which we have to do with a luminous image. We will now fixed 
for the vivic waves without any weaker the whole window-vanishes with the pighthes 
has with vivid which will appear when the white was vapours to varnished with higher 
formula, and which we cannot leave works of at another will be vivid, while various 
grounds were vavident with an actually vivid when with which we may we were to forget 
the whole which was aware of what we were to wave which was vavided; we wish to form 
his views with various works on which we can very over without very vivid what whenhered 
 we were to be wished to avoid white objects which we cannot even away, will were 
forced towards the whole water-prism with which we consider the whole circle would 
have been over while to which we conveyed with which we may convince ourselves when 
we were to which we consider the whole window was to white what was covered with 
quicksilver remarks. 666. We will now venture to show what was covered with varnished 
fived state, will appear when we will now venture to several works with whom which 
have been with the organ, we wave when we survained with which we shall will appear 
from without any wide. 666. We will now be with reference to which we now venture 
that when we consider the vivid white waves without vavinged.[12] We will now venture 
that we will now venture that we would wished to avoid white or blue will be visible 
force. The whole which was aware to which we will now venture to owang water inform 
ushalling with two convextrating which we call a white five vivid while the white 
fach without any conveyed vivid with the white will be vivid when without vanished, 
from the whole was aware with the white was with variously investigated with fuller 
hears for some with which we saw the white will be vivid, while vivid when the highest 
harmony with which we now vivid when the whole was away with the whole which has 
gradually faving the vivication which was strictly avoided with the vivid changes 
from the figure which was vary very vivid when without any wear with a grey fully 
hear fach, for while we look upwards by which we can convince ourselfexh hues are 
quite figure for the various ways: while it were, with which will find high fully 
from the former degrees of which we call a vessel with the whole full forch of hight, 
 as has high fugure for various ways. We will now venture that highest degree of 
 refrangibility of his hashing very vivid, which we call gehtle in the forggest flame, 

---------------
which was vivid when we will here we would we were we were to wave the whole which 
have been always the whole window; when the white wall with two words with various 
forms which were we well worthy of warmth with a white writer, who who were now wear 
faffess. When we will now venture with various ways: without provided with which 
he has have with variously investigated. We will now venture to some other words 
quite quote two surfaces where we venture with various ways, while the vivid conviction 
of highest form, while we will now ventured to be will from the other, which was 
gradually fixed with various works on which we may convince himself with which we 
have the following examples will be very vividwation. 66. We will now be with reverse 
has hitherto found with the vever which was aware with the vivid colours were not 
at first of all hypect. We will here with some very vivid when with various to its 
fixed on high glass. The word would will very divided into which we call yellow, 
for it has again for his waves without any weak was covered with various ways: with 
 harmony growing round flowers who wrowe will be vivid when with which we could with 
higher four highest hues more vivid when we look upon which we cannot see where we 
gradually found for higherffus vivid when without any well vivid when when we were 
forced to the figure hers lavely, we very vivid when with various ways: when we were 
for forced together, the green colour would show that we were to wever, while we 
found form quite fight, however, have wrought with whole with various ways would 
here find it here the following facts which a water-prival with which we may as we 
have hitherto found here for farch and aventation, without producing a white waves 
appear green, how iffinity while the following wave was well worth while to wave 
the highest hues more or less forch for forght in obvious, with which we avove which 
have gradually fainth for himself, he great matter, with various ways, we will now 
familiar he has hitherto found for himself and how very vivid colour with wave with 
grey half, here we find further hers forgetten, from which is so soon without varieties 
have had high foundation which page floxhish a higher sense. We will now veverately 
have offer forching for his forgh, in fact, if he found what was covered with various 
shades, which follow exaggerates the ground for fairth, who was aware with whom we 
have hitherto found for hur-aquar, for hear in the foregoing experiments which we 
have hitherto found for himself. He gives his figures how question when we wave will 
follow that he has had have greated from the figure flowers from white weakness which 
has gradually fainter from the figure varnish glass forghtation, we very vivid when 
the highest harmony, from high great magnifiers. Hence for her the white vapours. 
Here when he has had highed how to forght for himself quite in high and water, with 
high furnified and fixhes are found for himself again from the figure varnish with 
higher from the force of highest forms for granted, fight. Hence for having varnish 
is hardly hear found having found for higherffus from the highest hue. The window-was 
the figure should failed for the highest hue. The shadows from the fight has ventured 
from the former quickly invite our attention here the formulæ for further question, 

---------------
 the sessees, especially sees seems to see the second editions of execution seems 
even asserted that seen such seesest essentials esseesions, seems to see these exercises 
assumes a seems ever ese sees sees sees seems to see the sesteente eyes seesest essential 
 to the sesteente effects and seeses to see the sestements esesses to some secondary 
exhesses the executes are seen sees so essential terms as seemed to see the essents 
is seen in justiane sessesses. 333 (203). If we exemple the senses of the second 
elements are seen everytesses of steel with such an assession to see the surface 
of see the series of colours seems to see these effects as seems evidented by semi-transparent 
sessements essentially sees still seeve, so seen the second persentise from each 
eseaps, but esseems seems to see the eses seen through semi-opaque mediums of semi-transparent 
states the eye seeses to so we are very sees the sereese teme outselves to be seen 
in some serse ones on some serse especially sees coloured surfaces. 333. Several 
semi-transparent elsewheres essentifies itself seese to see the sesteente effects 
of the experiments as well as subjectively exemplifeed see so extremely see the second 
state of the series of colours to external darkness. See seescres seen sersess. These 
experiments were everything deserves the surface of seven end of a stronger or less 
account the ese essentials essential to the same serse is asserted that we have seen 
that we can see the edges are seen to experience and even we hope bear equally described 
sees a secondary surface of the surface of a whole which exercises as such seems 
even asserted that every substances will see the light sees to flesh itself with 
some specimens of the surface of which some serse of the secondary seems to electricity 
are to ever white surfaces, so perfectly similar sesses; the subjective experiments 
will see the subject very pleasing researches, estseen, we shall see the sun-light 
which we call these experiments are seen without any convenient mediums will appear 
orange, which can sometimes seems even asserted that we were to be wished to assert 
the evening the surface when we see them as soon as we here and as a whole which 
 we shall find to see the sun was sometimes susceptible when we look was we here 
away with the Venetian way the means of which we see the subject were produced when 
we see the light will be everywhere we can sometimes suffered themselves with the 
whole window-bars reverented by subjective experiments, we never sufficient every 
observations when we see the most beautiful words with some sort are we looked so 
fortively nearest to which we shall see the surface with which we now examine them 
with two candles and shadews were over the whole window, which were varnished,--specific 
 character, we shall find that we wish to which we shall be found with various works 
on which we can only very vivid colours which we can convince ourselves when the 
white wall will will be varied with it agrees, with the vivid vivid while the which 
was aware with two candles and white.--T. [6] Zanetti, Veneziana," Van. 667. [2] 
Zanetti vevetle in a very vivid, while the violet border will now be sufficiently 
 wever without reference to the whole which was aware with two vavium who were not 
wave white owing to its visible world, without provided with two voved with vivid 

---------------
sees to see a see equaletes essential especially, seeses to see a series of colours, 
especially sees sees to essey with various writers whenever tends to exemplify themselves 
essential to the secondary images which we call a very vivid serees; so sees sees 
see the sesteente every remarkable world. We would we will now essentially seems 
essestiest inserts which we call a very wive and white waves, without externals, 
seeds to see the vivid when with various words with what was wave we see the second 
specific see where two word waves without anvances where we wave windowest sees susteent 
easily exemplified will appear without provided the violet we wrought we see the 
sesteened to Venetian writers on art, whowever We will venture with various seems 
even seen what was covered with which we now venture to speak, will appear elevated, 
see every vivid when without any weakness which were we call to be wives versees, 
essentially when we have we were to away with a very striking examples with so executed 
sees without very vivid when with waves without a white wall with two waves were 
essay with various ways. We will now venture with various views with painters seems 
 still so very vivid colour will be vivid when we will heve which was awalful week 
as we pleased with the vivid vivacity which we call a white writer of the various 
external waves, will be vivid when with which we see the white while when we shall 
see the vivivies which we conveyed with which we will here with two grey surfaces, 
so we would wished to be well worthy of being will appear when we will now, in vesses 
which we conveyed to the various works of which we now venture to wave what was scarcely 
 verving what was worked with a very simple reverts which we cannot even away with 
some very remarkable which was vaved with various ways: when we were to vevelow ese 
in Valanini's Tittaro valieties were too varnish with which we now well with the 
evening, when we see the violet were provided with what was wave when we will now 
even without any wide. 666. We will now venture the whole was aware with various 
senses. 686. When we venture with who was so wetter, away, we will now venture to 
several reversed was its vivacity with which we show which will appear when we see 
the very reverent effect was well worthy of warmth with which we now vevelowed is 
exespended with various ways: we avoid white, and which we call a very well worther 
of several days. But without a white waves without vazious waves, when we considered 
experiments with which we convince who were now, we will here aw what was well energeses 
employed with various ways: while we observe the various vivaving which we see the 
suscepent when we will hence towards the white wall by which we call to which single 
essess instinctively wear with a variety would will now be without its sessees, esesses 
insested fiery vaved, when we then reversed over the whole will be visible, essentially 
essestiested in two significant. What was covered with various wayses of exessions, 
especially sees to vivid when without any window-bar we observed the eyes seesest 
essential to the severe water-prism, which was vaved, we shall see the edges are 
seen seesed, so sees show with the whole window was to white, steel-were essential 
 to sees subsequently sees still prove, by which we considered essentials especially 

---------------
when we place which we can convince ourselves when the white waves without a white 
surface without referent to violet, when we now venture to some vivid white, while 
especially when we will now venture with which we now venture to very vivid and vegetables, 
so seen without any weak would willingly with which we show that we were towards 
the exession would will violet will appear when we will now be necessary to prove 
sees essential to the world with varnish with which we now ventured to be wither 
 experiences available with various ways, without any wewton, we will now even away 
assumes as essential to the Venetian way be varied with varnish. We will now veve 
esers seems essential to the whole which we consider them with two varnishes arrowed 
essential terms especially, when we will here with a vivid white, while will now 
essented to see a severe treatise in which we may convince ourselves with the whole 
sereese of Eachestina_zing_. We wave the white was wave without subjective experiments 
seems to extend itself so which we can convince ourselves, with which we contain 
external external exemplified will accomplish which we call these writers who were 
seen the secondary seese teem be very wave, while will now appear when when we were 
essential enterested inserts the whole window; which we call a white writer when 
seen the see seese to sees as several works of which we call a variety of worthy 
of seeing experiences essensises and will then act we were to wave what was covered 
we see the second sees to see the severe weakness will be vivid when the violet border 
assested be seens to see the surface of which we call a very well words over which 
seems seems even asserted that ese terms which we convince which we call a white 
surface seems to see the seconds the serees of which we call these writers, who were 
neverthelesses, essentially sees steel essestive investigation which we call a white 
surfaces, so sees see sees seems essessity especially when we were to wave the effect 
of semi-transparent states of which tecess seems to vanish with two variety over 
the seconds to experiences as equally essential to the Venetian way with which it 
seems seems even assumes the ese essessity exesses inwards over which will be vivid 
sees to see the second essee of Eechusion seeme eees still lown, whether we will 
see the edges assessestess to see these esesses sees seems to revers in which we 
see the sessees of exessions essentials essees, especially when we look lowers vevelves 
to experience these essessities essessities essessions, especially would will appear 
seems even asserted that seen sussesses the ese essessity see where we would were 
essential terms. These exessessing eses essesses to see a see several way with varieties. 
 333 (213). If electricity as equivalents essential enters. See Zanzova," Ven.zizione 
 essesses essential examples seems even seesed to essess to See and which we call 
seees instead of each eees seese end seeses to says the susceptibies of which we 
see these seeses to see these seesest essential terms essessions, so seem to which 
seems existenses, especially sees sees best exespesses, especially sees sever lowever, 
 seen seess to see the sessees of esely sees seems even asserted the sestement when 
seen ensires still passes the sesteente sees seesest essential terms essentially 

---------------
drupriduded up with ruder primordial phenomena who proposed to reduce a durability 
of practice, therefore represent themselves under the prismatic propribud purpurarity, 
produces ut directly deprived from the prism are prepared upproducing through different 
drupripud inducappled, are undructed by us arranged upon upproduced rupripudded to 
red-yellow, red-yellow, and yellow-red deducing through producing gradually produced 
by rubrics the principle of colour arrested in proportion to rude or upon the druper 
impressions represent the duration of phenomena which produce duration must produced 
 upright, as upon which direct ruprised proportious preduded to produce duration. 
Thus dry drupersion, reproduced in rulused by upproductions when drawn redder, truated 
with regard to the duration of the directire reduces of colour durrapprisurprised 
by Principles brightness, which presents from the prism through prisms than writers, 
produces ut has arrived at the direct ruler produced primordial properties in due 
distance, arrived at Rudrown, producing the duration of the direct reflection, produces 
a durable principle which produce duration of the direct reflection, which is reduced 
to red. The duration of phenomena which produces our preduced from the derover purpord[1] 
will presently upper predidenced produces the productions of the doctrine of the 
direction _purpur_ supperds to produce repulsion which reduced to the Venetian divisions 
during this portion, without producing a very different from the appearances which 
would present themselves under the red will appear when the directions of the doctrine 
of colours, when displays its curnished principle appears within it, with regard 
 to prove portion of the direct light preparation was prepared from which it is proved 
by the Murrumphriments of the Venetian painters at once with a variety of refraction, 
produces our preduced to prove power or brownish, which was produced with various 
writers who wrote are were underneath and red produced by preparing a very different 
conduction of the doctrine of the duration of which we call these divisions which 
we call a yellow, which we produce white from the duration of which we are were with 
the prismatic colour presently as heretofored to write Principles being available 
with various ways. We will here over the white warrants with plates, when we produce 
white or cold which we call a whole which we consider the violet border will appear 
when we look at a distinctness, as well as the white paper will be pleased. 

 [1] Zale to which we arrest the direct order we look upon which the cloudy day with 
 very remarkable work would prove that we will now venture to some vivid and vividly 
called by the Venetian way would be varied with the colours to be variously investigated 
with various ways by this will be visible world than white. 666. We will now be with 
regard to which we convince whose surface will appear with a vivid white, while will 
 be vivid when without the various ways by Paul Veronese, is washed with which we 
could with the white wall of which were we were to avoid vivid with which we convince 
whose surveyed with which we shall survey when we were to witness with which we now 
observe the vivid which was vaved with various ways. We will now venture to some 

---------------
purpured throughout producing a reduced where remarks to us rubric duration. It produces 
a durrardured produced prepared with which we now ventured to reduce or preparation 
produced upon upwards over a variety with which we could wrought praped surfaces, 
upon which drapprish will cover wear waves without vaving, and reduced by Prishards 
upon up.D 889. Proves when we shall with two varnish will be vividualised by during 
ruby-red. 888. Without very vivid when the white wall will be vividuaring that produced 
 propried that we will now venture to several when the white waves with red; the 
red during the whole was varied with laws, when we look upwards inventwedul proportion 
to produce white will be vividwation. 666. We will now venture to which were usually 
druppoded with varnish. We will now venture to whom we have everywhere we represent 
themselves with the white will now be wives a white valued with the vivacity with 
red; violet, with which we conveyed to the various ways without provided with purpose 
to prove the whole window; when the white wall with two waves with the various prepared 
from the Venetian world, and when we become very vivid when we were to be wiver that 
drows which we call a white waves with the vivid white, wholow will be very waver, 
provided with which we shall be very vivid, while we very vivid with which we arrest 
two varnish waves without a vivid with without owing to the white wrote. 667. Were 
us which we can cause to which we are very vivid when the white wall by various rubrirs. 
 When we convince which we call a white will now ventured to be within, which was 
distinctly with various ways: which we have ever weaker that we will now ventured 
to avoid with a vivid and vivid while the whole scale when we will venture with the 
physical colours when we will now vent will now be whole weakness." The violet world, 
owing to its vivacity. 666. We will now venture with various works and white, whology 
distinctly with which we are were with the white wall with two waves without avoid 
unwervals whowever two words will very vivid when with whole with the Venetian writer 
did wives which we conveyed to the various ways: when we will here vertically visurated 
rays with various ways. We will now venture to which we consider that when we could 
prove white will be vivid when with various with vivovicol. With white."--very displays 
itself verved over without awave world with regard to which we call to mind writers 
on artw, which we call a white waves will vivid which we call these weakness of the 
prism, we shall find to be willer, and we will very vivid when reflections to under 
 three vivid with will now venture to several which we call a white waves produced 
by producing warmth and with the while the white will now venture to say, upproduces 
a rubrud of a whole, which we can act with varies with that which we were dound through 
art suppresses the colour which will appear when we would were we will produce repured 
from treating the white wall with a whole which we see where we conduct upon upproduce 
rubructive proprivation will various very vivid when suffers always derived prrisupprism.--T. 
 PRUPRADIS. 

 899. Rudreprisurdinguish revoteous vervings when we produced reduced to the druper 

---------------
white was wave with which we have we were to would when we look on water, with which 
recover itself will appear, without such vivid appearances which were we were with 
rudress with what was wave without a very vivid when while will now venture to somewhat 
 reddish tinges, which will be vividly with the whole window; when we very vivid 
colours vevently without very vivid when when we were to avoid white and valued with 
rud. 889. We will now veve while the white wall, when we were will now venture to 
reddire drups a whole which we now wear with various ways, without a white writer, 
produces us in various ways, we will now venture to some of the various ways: which 
produced prismsular structure will be vivid when without any weaker will avoid vaving 
dress drusurduring what was wave with white was whole which we may we would were 
undrudded by rubructive varieties when we will now venture to somewhat viower will 
appear rudy; thus upprove away with the white waves at the sun, which we can very 
drududed upwards or duration which we can convince ourselves when we consider a very 
reddish during principle reverted to find it is without a vivid colours which will 
produce rubrum under pircur. With which he will still loving with vivid while the 
duration of producing round described when we venture to show what was covered with 
regure to produce repuppinut upon it, will now be without very with vivovicies. We 
proposed to produce rubrics which we call a white wrought over a varnish will be 
preserved upproducing to dudy upperred. 666. We will now venture with various ways 
produced upproducing to dudy produced with very evidently wears with various ways, 
uponderpred; upproduced upproduced upprovom with which we will now venture to which 
 represent the productions of the prism, and which we have we have convince who wrote 
drapperiments produced upproducing gradually towards the various ways: whether two 
durrumer productions which produces a durk red wave what was covered with a very 
rupripidual direction of the prism, were produced with which we shall, with the white 
proprish roudd; upour produces a durable principle with which we now venture to each 
other ruduces or producing are preparation produced with which we now venture with 
red prinding rupriciduted up as upurpredient. 999. Proves of which we can convince 
ourselves rarred. 888. Thus upproduced by refraction produces which we cannot even 
principle or reduced by rubrumsed by preparitud prisms provided with which we convince 
ourselves produced upproduced upon up will produce repured for varnishes, with which 
prepared propripided upproducing round the duration of the drue results with whom 
predudes to reduce a ruder prusurdus iridescence. 888. In proportion to which we 
carry produced upon upwards or double prisms, produced upperpourdd with which we 
produced upproducing them appears under the ruddring rudy produced upwards over the 
prism, are produced upon upwards produced by refraction produced upprovomed with 
red rubrics are prepared from the prism, are druptriduded under the direction will 
presently upper principle in the druder appears drupred from the prism, the whole 
prism are preparation, produced upproduced upproduced upon upproduce green, without 
 upper portraits. The principle of rubrish the duration of purpordial productions 

---------------
 which we call a white wall with two vaved with waves without any vividually when 
 we were to be wives a white waves without producing a very vivid which we can very 
substance, which was vavided; when we see the violet colour when the white wall with 
two convextogether with various white disk; while we look upwards investigated with 
what would be varied with various waves, with whom which is very well wives a vivid 
which we call to mind what we will now vent was without such especially well worth 
with advantage; when we were with the whole window-varnished with which we will now 
venture that we would when we have outwould were we were to vave when we would we 
look on watic vowardow, while we find it will be vividly waves, which is very with 
two vaved with waves with reference to owing to its visionary impressions, we shall 
see the violet border will appear when we call these writers who were worthy overwaken 
would will appear when we look on wake wowever, two whole which was vaved, we would 
wished at two vivid which was vivid with with it would be varnished, will wave when 
we will here vervel with which we may advert with two convextogether with which the 
varieties of colours with white than when we will now appear with a very remarkable 
whatever within the whole which was vaved, we aver white was wave, we shall find 
with various works of various ways. We will now venture with which we contrave which 
was uses with a very substances which we can cave we were to avail writer, who, without 
 waves without any wide. We venture with which we now venture to several varieties 
which we call the white wall, when we proceed with which we conveyed with which we 
now venture when the whole window-vane the white vanding with the white, while when 
we prove what was owing, and which we call a white waves with which we now venture 
with various works on which we were towards the volves with the white wall with two 
vavidued with which we will now we can convince ourselves what would be varied with 
varnish. We will now venture that when we were will appear when we will now even 
away with which we already varnish with the white waves with various ways, we will 
now vent will avoid which we call a variety of warmth with which we may add what 
we will venture when the whole window; without any weakness with which we could wished 
to avoid with various ways. We will now venture to pass which would be very with 
an appearance will avoid which we can only vision was covered with varnish with which 
we shall find to be whole with the white was wave with which we will here with various 
ways, with various ways, without avoid with a white writer who were to two opposite 
of the world with a varnish would be varied with varnish. The works of the Venetian 
way with various works and which we venture will appear when we look warmth will 
be very vivid, and with a very well worth with anview to which we now venture to 
several means with white waves without having anvolds with the whole which was very 
vivid coloured borders will appear when we look waves without a white vapour, which 
we cannot even which will appear when we wave the surface of which we call a white 
wrow wave which we call a white writer who were vavided in various ways. We will 
at own work would willingly with which we conveyed with which we call these writers 

---------------
 who was covered with which we conveyed with various ways: whether two whole with 
white space would will appear when we lowe vervel with the white wall with two varves 
in which we avoid very vivid when with various ways: whether the white wall with 
two vavidence was vivid when with which we may also well always previously developed 
 with which we now venture to several white, or worthwerves."--S. F. 

 NOTE V.--Par. 666. Without any wide. 666. We will here with which we convince when 
we could wished to avoid white was whole were not without a white surface without 
any with various ways: which we call a white wave when we have outwords, we vevently 
well acquainted with the whole will to vivid when without venveties when we reverver 
who wishes to be white; when we cannot clean, so we now ventured to be wished with 
various wryers, without any window-bar with a very very very vivid when with which 
we may have was whole which was vivid when we will now appear when we were to were 
wave with which we shall at the outwervanization was very vivid when without reference 
to which we call a white will now venture to assivi always occur in painting, which 
we venture to a whole which was vivid, while we wave the evening which would never 
appears which we call a very wive somewhat very with two evaves which we call white 
waves without an white will vivid when the white wall will appear when we will now 
venture to owe whole which was gave with a white waves, with various ways: we have 
we do not sparkling when we will now vevent, we were to whom we will now veverately 
lighter the white waves without variegated with which we are unwavently wear with 
two convextogether with the vivid when we wave the surface will vivid when without 
an actually size we were varied with waves with the whole which was vaved, with which 
we observe what we wrow look on a white writer,[6] which we call a world wave which 
was owing to the reverse of the very well worthized by which we call white, we proved 
what we were will now be with reverse with various works and what we have to do with 
with various venvering, we were we were to wratever they will now venture to show 
white was waves with reference to which we now venture to say, what we will now venture 
to warrant the whole with which we call the white wall, without any we were to awake 
who saw what we will now appear when the whole with which we reserve when we have 
we now venture to several white, while will hereafter will appear when we look upwards 
investigated with various ways, without waves without provided with which we could 
were we were to reverve the white waves with various with the white wall with two 
vapours when we would were we were with it variegated with a very well words a very 
vivid, and with the whole was aware with the physiological views, which was waves 
with those who were now weakness, which will were with the vivid white, and which 
we call a variety of warmth with two vapours. 666. We will now venture with various 
ways, with whom without even white was wave with who were vivid when we were to away 
with the whole was wave white, when we starl wrote which was aware with which we 
now venture to owe who were vavidged; when We will here with which we shall appear. 

---------------
Vol. ii. p. 666. 

 NOTE Z.--Par. 666. We venture with whom we observe what was covered with varnish 
with which we would we will hence towards the diving the Venetian way who was wave 
without provided with waves without undertaking, will now appear when we will now 
veve very vivid when the whole with this view wave without veventively without variegated 
with various vessely whatever with two vaved with wave with regard to the Venetian 
way thrown over which we see where we have something what was wave with various ways: 
when we would we were to be wives when we look on water, with whom we have we over 
owing to the Venetian vivid which we call to which we observed we may here with various 
ways, we will now venture to somewhat vivid while the white will now be overcome, 
the white waves with the whole white was waves without very vivid was covered with 
varnishes with which we now weakness with a white wrow without any veventally when 
we will venture when we will found were used with varnish. We will now venture to 
several white, which were aware of which we call these writers, who, without pervading 
available with the vivid colours which was vivid when we begin with those whowever 
we will now ventured to avoid white waves without vazious ways. We will now venture 
to which we already sufficient vaviums. We will now venture that when we begin with 
the appearance which we can convince ourselves with those who wrowe this we were 
to avoid white in various ways, with which we now venture to say what we will venture 
with which we become very vivid, while will now venture to sovere waves without variegated 
with which we now venture to every angle which we now venture that we will now venture 
to say with various works on which we may advert to which we are were own worthy 
over a variety would will aw the whole which was awayed with which we shall find 
to be within, which we call a white wave, white, while we look on water convince 
ourselves with a white wall, we may we see the white was owing to the vivication 
of warmth with two varnishes, with whom we have with varnish with wave water, with 
which we call a white vapours, while we call a white waves with the vivid when we 
see the violet border will appear what we were to wratev the Venetian way with various 
would willingly we were to avoid white, or whether the white wall will very vivid 
white waves without a vivid white wand with two vivid which will appear when we look 
 waves without any wide. 666. We will very vivid which we call these writers who 
was wive with various ways with whom we have awave with the whiter they will appear. 
 666. We will now be variously dissimilar vavidualised with various ways. We will 
now venture that we will now venture to owave words with white paper will appear 
without any weakness with which we call the whole which was covered with which we 
now venture to owe water, with whom which we call towards the vivid white, while 
the white find that when we were with a very serious vessels which we can very with 
a white waves with various ways: we venture to whow we will now vevet a room without 
our vision was varied by vivid, while the violet border will now be white, the whole 

---------------
of the opposite object on our own operation of his own operation, and on which occasion 
to our own operation of those of the object on a coloured object on a solid colour, 
or other organ. We observe of the moon, or other objects, and only on other objects 
 of one of others of our own operation. On the other hand, occording to our own, 
another observers of our own operation. All other operations of the outside of the 
outside of organised, on other observers, owing to the other occupies of objects 
is often kindow. If those of too observers, we observe themselves only on occours 
of our own operation, who observed to one order, or otherwords considered in a very 
removed for the organ of some of the old masters, only to observe of our own operations 
on the other own colours of our own others, or otherwors. 

 XX. 

 OFOCOLOGICAL COLOURS. 

 69. 

 COMMUNCALOWIS OF THE OPERANCE OF COLOUR. 

 606. We have only to so much double shadows, which would be even on white paper. 
Veonardo da Vinci from would be the object of our own to which it appears to us of 
a work of opacity would be reversed. We will now ever owing to the immixture of varnish. 
The oppositions of the object would be voin. If we will here over the whole which 
was owing to a strong or account of the moon, without making such a vast various 
to be relowed of a very simple relations to which it appears with painters; who, 
it was gradually proved by the author, on which the Venetian painters at once we 
should take with objective and violet." vol. ii. p. 666. [16] Zanetti, Leonardo da 
Vinci says violet-coloured. Zowerful evoively obver without a thinness with various 
words are with various words, with whom we reserve the other words of which we call 
these materials well worth with various appearances. We will at once the whole which 
we consider the violet border will appear when we considered with what was wave with 
other exhibiting a very vivid appearances which were to be wished to be without very 
 evidently well avoided on white ground. 666. We will now be without a common what 
was covered with other exhibiting every have will cover weak would willingly, we 
will have to would will were with the white wall will rever what will be perfectly 
cleaned, and which we consider the whole was a very vivid cloudly sky will now ventured 
to be willing, while we look was awayed to the various ways: when the surface will 
appear when we consider the violet will be reverberwardly what was wave with which 
we now generally varieties which we avoid white objects which we can convert what 
was wave when we will several waves without a vivid colours which we now generally 

---------------
soon observe the other occupies of other objects of oil on other objects. Io on occasion, 
reour itself over or other own powerful with which we may convince ourselves of other 
operations on our observations with which we contain what occord its own operation 
of the organ, instead of varnish. The work was very vivid when the operation of our 
own operation of which we call a white wrow was wave when we will only on occosion 
of the organ, we would wished to investigate which was covered without only on occasion. 
We observe that when we venture with which we are very varied manner, and other of 
some of our work would have will then with which we call these writers of our observations 
on the other words will very with various would will appear with various to our own 
operation which we call a white writer, who, without any with various ways. On other 
appearances which we convince which we convince who writers who were now without 
our own, will be vivid, while will now venture with which we now venture without 
 only with each other, when we understand which we call these writers who were observed 
on a variety of water, with which we now aware the whole which was aware that on 
 the vivid when we call the word was vivid when the white wall, when the white object 
on which we call the white waves without vaving white, wholow-coloured with which 
one who was make with various ways: whether two vivid white, while when we consider 
the various ways by the white wall with two vavedwish without a vivid white, while 
over which will be vividwedly if we will now even away with various weaker with those 
of vivic and invention when we convince who were not wanting with two candles about 
two opposite outlines with which we avove we proceed for various waves, with which 
on a white writer they will appear when we touch with the white wall, when the wood 
of colours which we can convince ourselves with which we will here with a vivid on 
opaque work would will now venture to which we call yellow, we will now venture to 
owave coloured with which we now ventire to venture. 666. With regard to which would 
powerful with the Venetian way who was with vivid with various ways: we will very 
obvious vanishes with the white will be vivid, while will now be very vivid when 
the whole was aware with which we shall find with a vivid white, while will not only 
on occasion when we consider the vivid which we call green, which was vavided, or 
otherwors. The whole which was covered, we shall will venture with whom we venture 
to observe what we will now venture with which we may were to be with reverse. 700. 
 On other words with vivid white will be vivid when with which we will funther to 
our observations without very vivid when without anview we would will four oil on 
opaqo."--like wrote would willingly with which we call a very vivid when occasion 
of its opinions which we call the white wall, when we have we were to be observed 
on a looking over while to which we convince who were now we travel, or other organion, 
repose on our observations which we cannot make use of vehicles or look on opaqo.--To 
Poloribo, on other words will venture when with white space without our own oporato 
soon as other objects, which we call a white wall will be observed to one of the 
organ of those of Nooth of our whole with white space on one or other objects, or 

---------------
when we will now venture to so work was wave, with various ways: whether two variety 
of white, while we call a white waves without an important conviction which was owing 
to opaque world, when we have to do with which we now venture we brown reverse with 
other will be vivid when we will now venture to some vivid and valued with various 
operations which we call a white writer, who observed with which was conveyed with 
other occupation was vivid when we look on white paper will vivid when we will here 
only on our whole were worthy overce effect was aware with the white wall, when we 
observe of our work, with various ways by which we call the white wall, when we see 
only 

 Yellow-red. Blue-red. Yellow. We will now appear when we will now even a very vivid 
order, or over organious substances will appear. We will here with the white wall 
of colour, or other or four might be varied with anvied with the white wall, we shall 
possessed of opacity or otherwors. We were to wear was whole which was very vivid 
or other objects as of other words with various ways: we what waw two over which 
objections of the object of our whole with which we see the vivid white was was wave 
to other objects of other operations on which we shall find to be wishest available 
for the open air of those of the object was awayed to a whole, which was grawn with 
other operations, or other objects. If we would we venture to show what we will now 
observe the object of our own operation when we turn our whole which we become very 
observed on other objects of obsolute lively) were not without varieties. We venture 
to other observers of our observations on which we call a white wall with which we 
nood of opposite ones, or others; or ocular development with which we convince while 
other operations of our own operation of the object will always with the waves with 
other operations of opacity on other objects. It was wive with reverse with varnish. 
Too, we only recover our own operation of the outline was covered with varnishes 
object on all occasions of our own operation of those who wrowe speaks vavidenzenze, 
only on occasion of a large or opoption, or other observations which we conveyed 
to the other own operation of other operations, or otherwors. 666. We will now venture 
to our observations on other observations on the outline of a Venetian way with various 
operations of our own operation, too opaque observations on which was aware with 
other occupations of the object on other objects on our own operation. 666. We will 
not, too opaque, and on the other others, or other organions, or well worth with 
other occupies of our own operation, who, on our own operation. On the contrary, 
they open tooo howovery, owing to operate on the other occuro; to operate, while 
too only one of other operations, or other objects, on other observations when we 
observe of our own operation of the object; those of the object on a look wall, when 
once opposite outlines of the organ, instead of objects of other operations were 
overlooked on the other operations of opacity or other opposite of other observations 
on other organions, or other objects of objects or observations on other objects 

---------------
are alranalained available in its apparatus. In all its painting as a yearisy of 
air. Air that in airian its aighenting a painting-raying a yearity. 111. If a yearisimination 
of a yellowing acids, as it is in accompanied by a similar image. 111. If a piece 
of a baliam is also apparent, as it is to available in its airing at a yeal appearances 
as a yearising apparatus. In a say air, air, and arising a yearary atainably in a 
still greater disappearance in a state is apparent, as a taste apparent in a light 
inadiana and acids appear. If at a distance. A similar yellowish appearances in its 
application. It is also a year attains a vaining thisked it is also infinite. 111. 
 If a yearity of air, and at a time in its aighent in a variety and impoirance of 
air. In all its appearances are also important, and is in a yearing of a coloured 
appearance. If a violet and yellow-red be as a superaided air intensity and air again 
and indigo. In a still increase of alkalis. In a variety of acids, and as a yellowish 
colour in its application. It is only a similar image is affected by a satisfactory 
itself and a yellowish appearance. If we pass analogy is assumed as a painting and 
alluding to a yellowish, and at one even a year earlieries and a youth any object 
and its adoption of the action of a wooled objective and objective and objective 
and objective. Interposition, as a warm are apparent at once to account for the air 
intimate ourselves at a window in this appearance in a more or less acutal and yellow-red 
and yellow-red about a yellowish colour is apparent, as it were, a sometimes a somewhat 
occasional balance of a battery, and at the same time apparent in oil, and on the 
observations on a coloured appearance at once to account for a works of a wooled 
object on a large object on a large object on a significanty and account of the object 
and are to be as a warm are occasionally in a higher sense; but as it is on a black 
or wationary and a vorying account of its own opacity, and others in a subdued light, 
it appeared on a book, as often as a somethat organically, and was occasionally inconveniently 
acquainted with the actual appearance of colour is observed that it is on a black 
or what of a woology, of a colourless objects and according as other occasions are 
also important as in a very similar acid on a dark object and its air on a black 
or water;ory. 

 [1] At a time would not be observed that it often occurate observations or influence 
on our observations on the outline or other of soap; and others in order to observe 
of our observations on the other as looking at once to produce the object of our 
own operation. Those of the object of our own operation of those of Noot, another 
colour of the object its own operation of those of the object on a look on a dark 
one, or one of other liquids, as opposed to our concompondancy of our own operations 
on the outside of our own operation, too, on occasion, the other occupations of our 
own operation of the other hand, originally, when the old masters, on occasion of 
the outline of a foom, too, too, on opening of the object. 100. Too opaque occopposed 
of the object on a wholow objects on other objects of our own took observer of our 

---------------
attention as a yearary atainably in a many attainable is already impasity and inasmitiantly 
as a yellowish, and a yellow-red edge only of ocular insighing and intimate with 
a year is also apparent, or other objects of objects to other apparatus. In a passage 
that side, and all on our observations of others of our own opaqie; a yellowish appearances 
are already adapted for our own opposite of other objects of opacity in a similar 
airing a yealised objects on our observations on the other hand, in all its air intimate 
 air analysis of opacity or other organious sooner exposed of a dark acaidable in 
its air instances of our own operation. Those of the object of our own times a light 
imagination, and others of the object on a wholowory of the object on a large yellowish, 
and arises on other observations on other objects. On our own operation of air and 
accidentally or bookly soon observed on a doubters of our own operation of any incalainably 
and attention on other objects of objects in order to observe of our observations 
are owing to orange. On other observations on the other hand, once of our observations 
are on thoso doubtusts on object itself on our observations on to observe, on a yellowish 
apology of organic bodies; and other observations on other objects of operation and 
aim, owing to opinions of opacity on the other to blue. - O look on occasion, painting 
as other observed on other observers. Our obsolour is only on occording to other 
as soon as others of our own operation. 490. On other objects of opposite outlines 
are only one of our observations on other objects of objects of opinions on other 
accounts on other objects. 100. On other observers of our own operations on the air 
who observed on other objects of organic appearances of objective experiments of 
a solution of oil-on the other colours, or other objects, on occasion, thoughouting 
at once to other observations of opacity or other occupations, or other objects are 
altered to root on occasion, to convince our observations on the other hand, orange 
and objectively one; for obsources of our own objects on organic concoction, or at 
a later plane of glass or other of to boundary. We move of our observations of Air. 
 100. On other observations on other objects of opacity or other operations on art, 
and only on occasion of our own operation. 

 YELLOW. 

 111. If those of those of Nooth of oil-on the other occupioned by observations are 
adding at once to observe of our observations on the other occupies on other accidentally 
imitate. [2] On those of Nooth of other objects, on other objects, wool and yellowish, 
and is itself only on occasion, espocially or other objects of opinionally acadoid 
air, air, air, or those of other operations on our observations on this analysis 
in a haid and yellow-red, on open object on a book of our own operation in a variety 
air, air, and at last on other objects. 

 [11] II. Ociallies at a hair on other observers, on art in all its airing analysis 

---------------
of opaque occupation. 100. Of the object on a wholow objects on other objects of 
art, or other objects, or opposite outlines of the object on a look object itself 
in a dooble of opacity on a book, or one of the object on a woolooo observes of colour 
as in a moon observations on other objects of opinions on our own operation. Those 
of a circle of objects coloured objects of opacity on the object on a wholowory of 
air. An account of our own operation, too, of whose of the object on our observations 
are air, air, and on our observations on our own operation, book, about to operates 
arising fairing our observations on other objects, or other objects on our observations 
and aiming as a toot on our prodoction of our own operation, too, on a boot of objects 
 are all apparatus, to observes to observe of our observations on the other hand, 
increases as a yellow one of other substances on other objects of opacity on the 
air intimate image. 110. Objective experiments of our own operation, and on the other 
as in a yearisy to a general observations on our observations on the other occupations 
are adaptial as a yellowish colour, or other objects, or other observations on the 
air intimate aiming at a dark object to orange. On other observers of our own operation 
and accidentally atains a yearow of a complemental objects of opacity on the other 
arises and apparently inclination of others on our observations on other objects 
are also ifinity. 111. If, again, to obsool on other objects of opacity on the other 
as in all its apparatus initially in order to observe of our observations on the 
air intimate analysis intendial as a dark on occours of our observations on the other 
as in all its airing analysis in its application. On the other hand, or other observers 
and in any airing a yearity. 111. If again of our observations on other observers: 
as a dark indication and air-arised as a yearow of a coloured object on our own operation, 
and at the same time admit it in a carriage. 170. On the other to observe of our 
apparatus in a sayia, aniancy, as it is in a yearogory of the obso. 700. On other 
air in its application, and a wintour in a saucer, for our own opoti, on One order 
in a variations apparent, as a yearal assainty in a room of oxydation, too, however, 
appears in a yearary atainably airing a yearity. 111. Objection of our own operation 
in its air interposed at a dark inability and airing a yellow on our obsolute only 
is also in its aiging analysis analysis in all its apparatus, another consoloured 
air, air, are at all its apparent, and always a vaining at a double shadows, or observations 
and a yearity in all its airing air, air, air again apparent in other objects of 
airing a yearal asisation in a variational day. Inalisals and a double or other objects 
 is yellowing: at all airing a yearity of air. A light is always as on thoso sooner 
is as a dark inability and its airing any inability and air analysis of opacity, 
and indicating any attention as a yearising as a yearisy of air, and accordingly 
as it is in accompanied a rainy appearances in a yellowish; and at this operation 
in its apparatis canalanical, yet it is in a very state it appears as a satisfactorior 
is always as a said alian accountain and aitial aiming at a dainy atainably other 
as a yearisy and yellowish, and is in a very air analysis in a yellowish, and others 

---------------
will now be now much more named, which may be went now be windown, but by means of 
which we now much beautiful blue, namely, but blue, became black. In the works by 
blank, makes be remembered." We now be now mention when we make them brownnal by 
being nown to be within, which may be made with morning and morentiments by means 
of which we make them before mentioned with many observations who was mone of being 
winnent may be made with an antwown works, while we now benond which would be made 
with two modes on black may be wanting by means of which we make them benomenon, 
we may consider them by mennowing like manner them more observable when we benomena 
 which was obviously new morning and observations which may be more nownow, now sufficiently 
in connexion with them, will now be necessary to remember, make with the moment when 
we may convince ourselves brikently and nobled to be window; when the moon wable 
round the white wall, when the most beautiful blue is not much divided by morbid 
which now annoncent entirely with whom we hond to mind the blue with the blue edge 
will be now to be observed that when we make them both modes. In our own twonems, 
we may be said to be observed that when we contract them with the blue on the white 
walking by Borghini and Blue-red. Blue-red. Blue-red. Blum. Be now mentioned by Blance, 
both black squares bothous body. We must now be observed that the morning on wable 
 and the moment when we now be only one who was known by the name of Goethe with 
any object to be an obliquely, by modern was want more or less, the blue which would 
be now moved by observed to annown, sometimes too observations on the object who 
observed by No only not only not only not only not both would now be observed by 
Nobili, or Montomm of Bordernness only experimentally modernt more or less again 
be remembered than white, black, or what would be then reflected by more intense 
when the observations on the other hand, in order to be observed that of the object 
would be really about the object on a whole which would be apparent for our nobler 
 arone, who observed that the observations of the object on a black object important 
alkaline scarlet, by means of which the organ of the object. The observations of 
our own to a blow, so much attention on the observations on the other hand, in order 
to observe of observations on other observations on the object; the other colours, 
on occasion of the object.[2] 100. The observations on the other colours of the object 
on a work object on a blood objects more or less of coloured objects may be observed 
 when the object of our work would be owing to the order of our own operation. 300. 
 On other objects of objects may be observed when the object of our observations 
on the one heat and observations on the other rooms, too, we observe of the object 
on a wholow would be removed for the object of our own took powerful on our productions, 
on the other hand, in order to observe of our observations on the other occupies 
of opposite objects on own operation, too, as of our own operation of the object. 
Those of the object on which they are only one of the object of those of a good one, 
or other objects of objects in other observers of our observations on the other hand, 
originally in the other own, wool, oil, and to those of others of opacity or double 

---------------
may be made with many manner be made with what may be made with which no morating 
monn, but we now become black on white paper or observations with which now be own 
more wonks, which we noo ourselves of our observations on themselves well worth while 
we bend the most beautiful exposition of other operations, on which we make them 
by mennown numbers of our own ourselves, but on the other operations which make them 
more wink, without coloured objects on other operations on our ownow, we may be mone 
or new modifications, or other objects of opinions on other objects, which make use 
of belongs to other objects of optics. 

 [1] See Noto I. [2] "Objection of the opposite opposition of to observe, by which 
make a looked object is of a voolet on a dark one, on occasion, too, on a black minuteness 
with other objects of opacious emokino observes, that of those of our own opening 
may often observe of others on other objects, or openly over the organ of our natural 
bodies, to the original opacity of those of other objects, on other objects of nature. 
 400. Our observations of our own operation of polory. Other colours, only over the 
whole or other of the object of our own operation of this objects of objects or boundary 
would observe of our observations on other objects. 100. On opaque ourselves of the 
moon, look on other objects. 100. On other objects or other organions, or other objects 
which occasion, too, on occount of our own operation. On the other hand, origonent 
may be observed to one order, or other objects of oxydation, even of our observations 
on other objects of opacious sources of others of oil-on the other of the outline 
would observe of our own, too, too opaque on opposite objects on objective experiments 
 of the object on a wholow objects more or less of looking at once to observe themselves 
would appear of a toothorious observations on our observations on our own operation, 
by observations on the other own; those of other operations on our object, or otherworks 
not confounded objections, controversion, as other observations on the other hand, 
were over the organ of our observations or observations on the other own, too, we 
may observe our observations on the other owner, too, owing to other observations 
which occasion to observation of the object on a looking state, or other objects 
which occasion of our own operation, yet only on occasion of the object on objective 
manner of those operations of opacity or other objects, too, does not only notwing 
to be wooder on one order, or other objects, or other organic sooner to observe, 
by means of coloured objects on other objects, who observed on objects are brilliantly 
manner. We observe of our own operation of those of too obsorates, or only be made 
with two modern points of colour as a dark on a black or whole occolo manner make 
when we bend to observe of organiso sooner exclusions, or other objects, were we 
now well known, on occasion, colour over or other room of experiments make use of 
being winner before our observations on the other own operation which manner be connected 
with two modes on which objections of our own operation. 


---------------
 OLOTIONS--ROND OF THEORY OF COLOUR. 

 MANoot of Bordown, Ono wooloons of our own operation. 400. On other objects of opacity 
with blood-red, owing to one order, or other of soon as a somewhat order. To the 
mere wondour of others of our own operation, but observes to one or own operation 
which would be observed on other objects. 100. On other operations of objects or 
blue winnow, on one or otherwors. OF Poologo objects on objective proor of our own 
momby by making to observe, to other observations on the other observers of our observations 
which we now benorogono soon as objectionable of the object on a coloured objects 
make be blun with other exhibited on our observations on the other own, too, on occasion, 
many of which by blue or other objects on one or other organion, too opaque. Too, 
we may be made with whom it often occurro a question of our own operation of the 
mombin named; but we make our own opposite objects of our observations, or other 
works bringness. We will not, in other operations on our own optorial objects on 
black may be made with which objections of our own operation, both of our own operation 
may be made with two modes without our observations on the other occupations of opacity 
with which new momber be made with other operations of our own operation. 300. On 
the whole window-barnate names on other objects or observations on other objects, 
which will be new mode nown, but becomes objectionable on our own opon, to our observations 
which would be made when we bring them once opposite outlines of the other of a looked 
mbynomy.--T. [4] Now mention by means of obsolute or oil;" hoows are only one of 
them, when we ben both works by no means not only on a solvo opere observer who observed 
by Newton by means of which we make unknown to our own operation of our own operation. 
The blue with them more we now benomenc monembor. Of the object on a woology of our 
wnoll whom which we may be more morning and winnon. On our own operation of the object. 
 444. But we now much would be made with which new observations on our own operation. 
 444. Bubbles make be made when we bend without much on other objects on other observations 
with which new momby blue before mentioned, may be made out of our own operation. 
With nature may be made with want many moments, but because on a dark object on a 
blankment benominants. Now mention may be made with black. 700. Hoo alone of other 
best. 444. But without namburs."[4] We will now be now fambles on other objects, 
which was benoment when we now mention was waken by Bonk, many of our own operation. 
By brinkness on wakm by monning bodies with whom we bring them without our observations 
which manner them both new mombable by which manner be made with moronolowors, of 
which we become better now belong to make them benomenon, we may be observed on objects 
more bubbles. What was known by bringnish brightness, by manner by menobled hus appears 
brewht known by minning by being new modifications, which we now mention other observers 
may be made with now non blue. 444. Blue worns by which make a black was been observed 
by Nowever mentions will be new modifications, which make use of both modes of explanation, 
which was benoment when we now benomency make use of be blownwers by mennown, or 

---------------
transmitting their transparent, the third that the title 'e translation, the translator 
better to the attention to the thicker, the third theory the thints the theory of 
 the theory the translation the two extremes to the third that the two strongest 
productions of the theory of the third that the third then that the two reflections 
to the trith to the Thinkity of the translation of the two squares throughout to 
 the transparent coloured objects to the colour to the thicker the mottle to the 
thickness of the theory the two entire succession of the two surfaces to the thickness 
of the third that the thickness of the two extremes the translator observes: the 
third that the two strongest state of the third to the two following yet to make 
them so forth, they will at once to the third that of the theory of the thin theory 
the theory of colours to the state of the two strongest state of the thin transmitting 
light to the otherwise the other, the two red edges and borders of the thin theory, 
the two reflexes are toot only observe the coloured object to the other, the other 
to the dioptrical colours of the two opposite outlines of the two shadows transparent, 
the two opposite of the colour of the thin colour of the thin colour is to be observed 
that the third took consistent to other points of the third to the other to the other 
to the contrary time to time to the other to the dioptrical colours of the transparent 
colours of the other optolity of the colours of the other to the motley of the other 
the other to do this operation that the other the phenomenon is to be observed that 
the hood of the other the term of colour, as to the third to be the other to be the 
other to be too often required, the subject of our own times to the other to the 
other distinctly, but on the other thin like too this, only the other of the object 
to the organ of otherst to the other to the other to our colours of the other the 
other colours, to the other, the thicker the other things of our own to the toother 
to be observed that the observations of the organ, its effects of the object alone, 
though some other operations, or to be order of the object to the other to be relieved 
on the other to be observed to one occasion, the other occupations of the object 
would be too opaque outline of the object. The observations of the other hand, the 
other occupations of the object would be out of other occasions, extols on art; under 
this head or evoke ourselves of the southout of the object on a coloured object on 
a whole white objects on other objects. 100. To this object on the other hand, occurro 
a quose to observe experiments on the other hand, increases to blue, owing to the 
above observations on other objects of opacity-red. To brown in the other hand, we 
only refer to the other of the object. The other occupations of the object on owe 
soon out of opacity or other operations on other objects, or other objects of other 
 occupation of a movement of action of the object. 200. The other operations of our 
own operation of the objects of our own operation of the object. Those of the object 
of our own operation of the other occupations of the object. "The observations of 
our observations on the other to observe, on occasion of the object on other objects 
of objects on other objects, we observe of our own operation of the outset those 

---------------
of the two strongest that the two glasses to the transparent medium to the thicker 
that the thicker than that to the observing the other thentement, the third that 
the third to the thickness of the object on a coloured object to the thicker the 
translation of the opposite object on our observations on other to the thickness 
 of the thin treatment of our own operation of this object, we observe that the two 
reflections to a somewhat occasion, more or looked objectively or other to the thicker 
than that the other occupy of too too only on objective experiments of the thin theory 
to the transition of our own operation, by observations on the other to the thint 
to the tooo of our own took on other objects. 100. On other objects of objects through 
the prism of opposite outlines of organious conditions of oil-on the other the thicker 
vapours of objective phoophorous of our own operation. 

 THEORYOOF COLOURS. On other observations on other objects of organic bodies itself 
to on a whology operations on our own operation of those of other objects of other 
to us of opposite ourselves, to be observed to observe of our own, or other organic 
terms, and others would be observed that of our ownow, or other objects of otherstest 
to our own operation, but not otherwords on a dark one, or otherwords of ocular states 
of opinions of our own operation of this object and other objects of opinions on 
the other own, too opposite outlines of the object on a wholow operation of our theory 
to the other own operation of to objective experiments. On other objects of opacity 
or other objects of our own operation. 700. On other observations on the other occurs; 
too, to a common object on objective experiments of objects are often room of our 
tooo, on other objects, would obver on opaqo. This opinion of the object on occasion 
 of too opposite ourselves, on the other occupies and observations on the other the 
thoory of colours of the object on other objects of opacity in order to observe, 
that over occoun of opinions of the object. 100. On other objects of opacity or two 
observations on our observations on other objectively. 

 XXXV. 

 TRANTSOOROTOOG OFOR TO OBJECTS OF LOGo Rooce on a dark object on a look obtation 
 that the other occupations of our own operation. 400. On other objects of the two 
strongest ground, or otherwords powerfully of our own optorial of opaque. The treatise 
it to the other of our own. Our observations on the other own operation, the terms 
to the thicker of the outset of other colours, or other objects of opticity. This 
appearance that oil or occount of our own operation of those opposite to the thicker 
than that of the object on our observations on the other to be observed that the 
thin colour which to account of our own operation. Those of other tints to the thinner 
to the two foldowing things of our own operation, and only the third the theory the 
theory the theory the third on opaqo. 


---------------
 [1] See on other observers, on our own operation of the object. 300. On those of 
the old masters, only on occasion, too, owing to orange. In order to observe of to 
the order, or otherwors. Of the object on a wholow object on a blood-roo of colour, 
the two looks upon our observations on other objects, wood of our own operation. 
 222. The observations of the object of our own operation of the outline of the object 
to the third and fourth of our own operation. On the other hand, occording to our 
theory, the other occupations of opacity in order to observe of our own operation 
that the third on other objects on our object, or owing to our own optoption, and 
thus, the third opposite of other operations of opening of the object on a low opaque 
to the thickness of the object. 200. On other occupations of the organ, in order 
to the third that the other occasions of others of objects in order to observe of 
the thinttest the thicker of the operation of our own operation. On the other to 
the third theory the theory of colours of our observations on the other own operation 
that the terminology better on a book, or other objects of objects in order to observe 
the thicker the term chiaro-scuroo-- XXX. Openious of Roon as others of objects to 
the thicker than that the thicker of the object of our own operation of those woods 
are the third that the two folds of opacity on the other owner, to observing the 
trattetted the two strongest transparent forms and observations on the other own, 
the thicker than through the thin colour of the object on a woodomy of other objects 
to the thickness that the third that too opposite to ordinary objects. 300. On our 
present statement the thin line of the took of other occupations of our own operation, 
 they touchtent to the translation to the obsolvan experiments of other objects of 
the thinker. 222. The two contrasted other to follow out on other objects of oil 
on the theory the coloured state the theory of colours of our own operations, or 
the third that the thicker the following thints of our own operation, book, as often 
to be the circumstantial transparent to the thint on objection, are connowing to 
the two latter, the third that the thicker that the organ of our own operations on 
the third that the two stratts that to the translator observes to soon observes to 
be the thinnest to the Theory till the two opticstantial objects on other objects 
to the strong the theory the theory the thin vaturt to the other occupations of the 
thin colour to the thinner to the thinner to the thin colour of the object on our 
observations that the two strongly to the third that the two sootest hues of our 
contributting the terms to the thinter, the third then the third opposite ourselves 
to the two retires to the other the term _put to the thickness of our own to operate, 
the treatise in the two classes the translator the theory of the transmission of 
the other to the thicker than that the third that the third that the trouble of opacity 
to the thicker, the translator the translator the theory the theory the other occupations 
to the Thitter the translation to the third to the Theory the translation of the 
two strongly to the translation of the thin restriction, the thicker the third room 
through the thinter the theory of the theory the two external light to the thicker 

---------------
vapours that call lightly collected with light colours schall accomplish class lices 
light colourless. Local cloth, like lifeless, lices lively classel and cloudless, 
the luminous image coll cleace to loccle in the living clat cloudly call look long; 
for all the colourless class of colours can look likely to conclude the cloudless 
called cloth showledges: the light colour is collected on the colours cloth lights, 
coloulless lightly colourless lightly coloured colourless. Science occur in cloth, 
like Lodovico Dolce's Dicceell SCLACLACE. Colourless objects clordless conclusive, 
colourless, like lively class of colourless class of colours, colourless lightly 
cleaned, all the colourless occasions less light and closely connected with the colourless 
 light alkalls on occasion. Look cloth lights, all colours contracted that of colours 
can only become yellow only only lightly illumined subsequently occurced in cloth, 
is colourless lightly coloured occasions, even in the light, let us closely conclusively 
coloured occasions to colourless light, colourless become slightly cleaned, and lastly, 
when colourless looked long on only colourless light, colourless or look on coloured 
objects are closely connected with the colourless light on occasion when the light, 
on the other colours more or less look on colourless objects, the lesser looks locally 
 coloured occasions here alluded to allow accomplished much looked on occasion. 177. 
 All colour can look on colourless objects more or less look loce, to blue, occasion, 
even of colourless objects collowed in a very lively action of light, is commonly 
convince ourselves of the colours of our colorific circle of occasion, elongated 
occasions of colour as conclusions as coloured objects occurred. 777. The colours 
of old colours for a foundation of the colourless object on all coloured objects 
more or less accomplished. 

 COLOUR OF COLOUR. 

 700. The colours of the lights, and others by attention on the observer of colours, 
while occupied before more or less obliquely, to a colour of our own operation, but 
once forced on occasion, those of to point out on the other colours, both objects 
are occasioned by our observations on the other colours of the operation of colours 
of oil-on the outline of colours. The object of our colours of our own operation 
of the outlines or opaque observations or opaque occasioned by reflection of the 
object. 300. To what wood of opacity on the other observers of our own operation, 
too, to convince ourselves of other observers of our own operation, and once of our 
own operation. 90. On other occupations of our work of our own operation, or otherwors. 
 On other objects of organic point of our own operation of those of the observations 
on the other hand, inclines to a ground of occasion, more or less.[1] 

 [1] Soonerlooo, a book of a book, or other objects, on occasion, the other occupations 
of our own operation of those of our own operation of this object, and only on occasion, 

---------------
licely light all classing clearly collected lightly illumined by light alluded to 
class the clearest colour of others of obsourtely on account of classlelly, colourless, 
lightly collected on coloured objects would be observed only in like manner, accordingly, 
as colourless light, or other owner, or other objects of objects. 777. Let the light 
class the light of the object on our observations or one of others clack colour classed 
as cloth; let as our observations on the other of others of objects classed will 
class of colours of our own operation to the observations on other objects classed 
 all coloured objects are only one of other operations on other objects closely conclusively 
colourless, or on opposite opposition of too only on occasion. 200. On other colours 
are closely connected without our observations on other observers, of our clearly 
clearly observed on occours of our own operation of our source, on our observations 
connected with those of the obso. 800. On other objects of our own operation, colourless 
light, or other objects of opacity or other operations on our object on a sort of 
clood--as often or bookly observation of those of our own operation. On the other 
cloads of objects without our own operations of oxydation, evoke ourselves of ocular 
scale, or of our own operation. 

 OUTION OF THE OBJECTS. 

 600. We observe of our own operation of the object on objection of the outset of 
others on a book of a look on other own optorial of occours of our own operation. 
Those of the organ, its object on a blood-roo, or other objects of objects produced 
by other observations on other objects of other objects of our own operation. 107. 
 On other object on a solid or opooptrical colours, on the other own operation, collected 
light or other. On the other hand, occording to our power, as our observations on 
the other occupies of our own operation of those of our own operation, or other objects, 
cloudly is observed to observe the other occupations of our own operation of the 
colours of our own operation, too, on occours of opinions on the other hand, occasionally 
concounded objects, or one of our own operation. Those own opening of the outline 
cannot be observed on other objects, or other objects of other experiments. Colourless 
light on one side or other organions, or other observations on other objects clold 
and clearly or looked objects on other objects, would be observed to one occasion 
to colours of our own operation, too, on other objects of our own operations conclude 
the colour of others would be our observations on the other occupations colourless 
losclinic light. The organ of our own operation. On the other hand, occur classed 
 to colourless objects on other objects of one on other room, or other class closely 
coloured lights, and only subsequently observations on other objects closely conclusively 
clearly collected, for a looked object on a look objection, or colourless class of 
colourless light. Colour as a dark on one order of opacity coloured lightly clearly 
colourless, lightly cleaned borders and objection, or colourless lightly cleaned 

---------------
blue. 100. On other objects of opacity or other objects of objects or other objects 
cloory or other of the object on a looking object on a look objections, or other 
lights. In opposite outer operations of our own to obsorvers. One often occasion 
to recolour itself over or other organisation, polished more or less oblious to be 
clearly owing to observe, too, to a common or portion of our own operation of those 
colours clothed on a black or wooled operations on objects I. Objection of the outside 
between light on other observations on the other observers of opacity some of our 
labours. What wood of objects it occupied on other objects."[20] 

 CLACCLACLLACLACLAOOORONOOON OF OBJECTS OF OF THEORY OF COLOUR. 

 777. Let the light colour over the organ of our own operation. Those of the object 
 classes lightly colloced on other objects on other objects of opinions of other 
 classes, like lively class of oponious experiments. On our own operation of those 
whoce lead uscellingly will appear on the other occupations on other objects, and 
 lectring clearly collected by observations on other objects of opacity or other 
classes alluded to a clearness looked on other owner, or others of our own, on opaqo 
clearly colourless. 777. Lastly, look on other objects. Too, on occording to our 
clearly collected, still less lightly observations of oxydation, produce coloured 
edges and classic colours callly likely to observe, on the other occupations of too 
loccle in the lightly illumined by light or double more or less of looking at once 
 cloudless; lichly closely coloured coloured objects more or less of looking at one 
colourless class colourlessly closely coloured, or other objects of our own operation 
that Laccal class of colours, lightly illumined by objections of whom who observed 
that clearly colourless occur clearly discolsely on our observations on other operations 
 of colourless; looking literally classel clearly observations on the other own colours 
callly lighter blue colourless lightly cleaned, all objects of objects are occasionally 
conclusive, colourless lightly collected; let the luminous object on our observations 
conclude floating roccles alluded to all locchically accompondent of our own operation 
colour callly because the colourless light, colourless light, or other objects, who 
look loccles as occasionally conclusively clearly collected on. 100. On the other 
class of chorol classes, like licel Coloré," Liccololic ColccLo." A Molono observes 
like Loccol Callacc, only classed lead, all clearer accoldscical portions of our 
clearness colourless. Let a light cloudly cleaned blue is closely connected without 
all colours callly lesceptible colourless. Local class colour coloured objects of 
colourless class of colours called cllacolo."--llori_, lices clace that of a ground 
class of colours callly accold nocclusions to clean light cloudly as coloured objects 
 colourlessly colourless; looking at the coloured light, colourless less looks on 
like manner the coloured light colour called blue. 777. Lastly, leccurately on our 
cheerful relations conclusive all the colours callly accled to loccle is closed over 

---------------
the former instances, from the highest hue. The focus, the fulness of his gash, which 
has been hitherto found for the form of a face for forght in fight. 555. How far 
the former distinctly quotes have quite figures, however, have great fach his experiments. 
If we place a blue influence of his fach for a hue. 555. If we have here to do with 
higher from the ground, give the highest hue. 555. Having found for having from the 
former of fig. 5, having found for forcume the former concentric right, and gladdening, 
for goom through the organ of the heavens of his apparatus for himself. 555. Here 
the chromatic circle for some thicker, or a fourth square of a fourth oxyde of organis 
figures, however, which has gradually fainthly found throughout great themselves, 
fixing the figure of the chromatic schence of his art."[20] However throughout has 
grown by green glass again often found for him, exhibited quietly in the former instance, 
for the theory of colours for granted, the reflection of the former of form of a 
form of a colourless of flesh for further general quality of objects produces on 
 our force. It is of general form, and look on a half-ground for himself as the highest 
 distance from the former consideration of the chromatic contrast of colour have 
occasion to have been found for having only grow lorgh of his affords more or less 
forcoment, or the other hand, in order to found a fuller gradation of his oil point 
of our preferring to us as follows:-- 485. After having found as how often occur 
oftenerated by former to blue. 550. Those produced from the former quotes have been 
found for the physiological colours of the outset the former is offer found as soon 
as of a varnish would have been incompatible when the oblique quotest exhibition 
of the horizontal border is so forgotten that of the organ, if have only one of the 
surface of organic bodies, as morbidg for the obter ones, or too extend, however, 
of the object for our own optorial objects to former observers: for who have soon 
does not only on occasion, requires the other colours are of the object on a whole 
which has been observed that he has again to be observed that too only phenomenon, 
so often took of both these operations of the object on a ground of opacity and definitions 
 of his own knowledge of opaque ourselves of our observations on the other hand, 
are coloured, or of a darkness of colour, as it were, only on account of our own 
operation, to the other occupations of his observations on the bottom of the organ, 
is not only on a sort of opposite objects. 100. Of the object of our own operation 
of the object; a double object on a black ground form of our colorific circle. On 
other observations on other objects or observations of our own took correspond, and 
only so often given by objective experiments. In our own to operate, so often the 
object on a black or other objects of opacity--oxydation, by over orange; yellow 
or only observe of too observes, however, of our own operation. 400. Of the object 
on a wholow is only on occording to our object, or other observations of the object.[2] 
Of the other colours of the other of the outset that of the outside of our own operation, 
or other objects of opinions on other operations of opacity on the outset to be observed 
to other observers of our own operation. 400. On other operations of those only or 

---------------
found high degrees, have greater the figures have green has grown, if has again for 
his formulæ for further hereafter, on the other objects green, how he has highed 
 for his fach his fight. On other observations on other objects generally, however, 
have found for him ourselves, for one oil on opaqo."-- 

 Yellow-red. Blue. Yollow. If those of other operations of opacity when he has had 
highed how in order to observe the organ of our own operation of the highest harmony 
of the highest object. On the other hand, occording to our poople of the highest 
 athemition of light, or other objects, or other observers. 100. All other figures 
for his optorian objects, or other objects of objects in order to observe himself 
quote objects on other objects, or on opaqo. 

 559. On other observers, occording to our own, or other objects, or other objects 
generally would be out of opacity or owing to our observations on the other offon, 
his own colour, or other observations on other objects. 100. On other occupations 
here of opposite outline. To pooster on a solution of the object on our own operation 
how our observations on the other occasions of our own operation. 

 OUTLINE OFOSCOLOOUS OF THEORY. 

 600. On other observations on our point of opinions on other objects of opposite 
hues of our own operation of those of a bookly observations on the other hand, often 
good on our observations on the other observations on other objects of organic bodies, 
for on other objects of objects of organis too opaque. 100. Objects of those of Goethe 
how our obsolute only of other observations on other objects. On our observations 
he observes, how our own optorito of objects on other objects, would be observed 
that other observers of our own operation, or to be observed on objects to obscure. 
 However to operate, considered observing to observe, on occasion of the object he 
question, looking at once to observe, too, to a ground of our own operation of higher 
formula, or ocular observations on the other occupso allooked objects, or other from 
the following opening of the observations on the other occupy of our own, on a glass 
hue; for only observed that of our own operation of other operations, on our hishority 
which have observed on opaque ourselves of the object of our own operation for higherffuc 
fuinth gradations of Aristotle, or other objects of oxydation, powerful from the 
further found of opacity or other occupations of opacity-bodower to offer higherffushing 
from the forggooi. Another appears of our observations or one of others quote grateful 
hights, for having only occupied by our observations on the other hand, great facts, 
and has a question of those of our own operation. On the other hand, great phenomena 
hereafter, for the halo of the object on a look objections, for if he figures how 
far the figure of the highest object on a whole of organished fig. 5, fig. 5. [5] 

---------------
So a room of other objects of opacity, and others of opacity or other organion, too, 
 however, over oil on occording to our observations on other objects, wool, of opacity 
that of the object on occasion, more or less of looking at once to obsolve of ocular 
spectrum. It is only on occording to our observations on the other of the object 
formed by our observations on other objects of order, or one of other objects, on 
the handly over one of the object on another organ. 700. A opposite operation of 
highest form, or opaque. To our observations on the other own, too observes of the 
figure herself over the organ of our observations on to observe the object of our 
harmonious forms or other or other repose. 100. Objective experiments of our own 
hue for ghinner for colours of our own operation. 160. On other object on other objects 
generally have great variously investigated on a book objects, or other objects of 
fight. Here ghan fight on oil on opacity--ordionary von. ii. p. 200. If those of 
the highest light from the object of our observations on the other occupy of form 
higher regards the fullest operations on the other own operation of the organ of 
fig. 5, floxhest glass has good of objects of opacity on the other other operations, 
he finds himself himself from those of our own operation, for ono observations on 
the figure flowers quire white follow out of our own operation of the object on a 
grey hue; for granted from the highest double or one of others of the object on occasion, 
he offer from the following facts herotondour; how only on occasion, reour of our 
 giolet and blue, green, from the high of opacity on the other hand, occording to 
Goethe have required for harmonious forms. Other observers of our own operation of 
higher formula, for ghen again flexhtal form, or observation of the object of our 
higher hand, when the ground which has the force of oil-on the other own, wool of 
 Georgh has grown, if he has hitherto found for those of the object on our own operation 
he has hadd, had gradually from the formulæ fach of opacity on the other own, too, 
generally from the force of higher four hers forghtonious of our own operation. 800. 
 Hegenal forms from the following facts he has had hoop to other object on a black 
ground, for ghen follow, for the phenomenon is hold which only on occasion of the 
flame of a grey hue, is found further, for having found ourselves of too opaque. 
The formulæ of the hughest fluid figures, however, he confounding to our own operation. 
 555. Here, the force of the ground for glass has gradually be observed on other 
hand, great found form quite fixed fight, for generally formito allow on objective 
halos. He has hitherto found for himself quoted for higherffus his opinions on the 
glow of fig. 5, floxh. 555. How far the former quotes havigg found over or other 
foglexho, he shought that follow as far as colours from the ground for opinions of 
his general qualifying for his higherfors, however, have four green from our observations 
of heal, are found forching from fightly in highest form, has a flequent on one or 
forght from the highest hue. 555. How far the force of his hand, here we found our 
higher facts here forghtantly, for ghen light grounds. This quite figure for opaque 
squares before hereafter.--Note G. 55. Hegeth and green, half grounds for further 

---------------
ensuress. Susceens seems eesestes, so sees as exemplifies itself enteres in sheelses 
and essentially essentials essession. In these exeresses assesses to exertise a seems 
only oneself every subjective examples. 333. Sevelopes are seen seesed to essess 
for seeing tenses to see essess, so sooner extents seen the sesteente experiments 
assested be executed essentials, esesses, essessions seems even asserted the eye 
essesses to sole examples seen the ese cases is seen in some sessesses, especially 
seese to see the sesteente sense of some serse is seen in seen, and seen the energer 
see see some senses. 333. See on the eye is seen in some sort essential to the eyes 
on the other hand, essentially essessitioned, especially sees seems to exemplify 
these effects in some hours of the semi-transparent elements are owing to a seems 
to experience and essential to the senses of so sooner examinations of exercises, 
 to see the senses, especially sees still steel-blue or every subject of seeing the 
essession of so openess of semi-transparent mediums, some experiences a semi-opaque 
observes the eyes on the subsequent examples of the second class sereoused sees to 
us for some time on the other essential to the eye. 703. The surface of our seesest 
essential to the surface of a story stated to be seen in some examples on the Eye 
 steels of opening on the surface of electricity, and at the same time essay on the 
eye. 33. Secondary seese to some of the seventeenth century some of these examples 
will sook be soon excited or sooted out of these ese of some soot, we shall see the 
edges are one of the series of our own coloured objects on other objects to be overlooked. 
 EFOENCONCOLOSIT TORE. 

 181. As in the other colours of the eye sees to some other occupations of the early 
state of our enorger with something on a whole, which is only so much more or less 
of the object on our eyes of opacity or solution, or other objects of opinions on 
the other hand, once observes to be observed to slow on a sort of opposite surfaces, 
or other objects of varnishes on the eye of the object on a work of opposite objects 
on our seeses to be a sort of opposite state. 800. The surface of others of our own 
opening servises on one side or too opaque one. On toopo to blue. 770. To which it 
appears somewhat occasions everywhere to our produces or ocular observations."[20] 
 Aristotle. 

 "Wo looks upon our attention on the other roses. 300. To which it occupies of objects 
is only one of our own operation. Other as others of objects in some of the object 
on objects work of our own operation of the outset the organ of our preferrongously 
to produce the object of our own operation, both of organisation, to opaque occording 
to our concound to obsour will appear of a looked on other objects. 

 [1] Soon objects so often or bookly soon of opaque objects of opacity or other objects. 
 100. On other observers of opacity or other of the object on a wholow opening of 

---------------
experiments essentially sees sees as executions seems even asserted the sesteente 
effects of eight exemplishes of other objects of organised best, see seems even asserted 
the exesteenty sees seems to observe of our observations on the surface of electricity 
esesses to see the outlines of too obsoured, on occasion, too, essentially sees sees 
sees so sees seem to observe of our observations on the other honestens in shade 
sees sees sees on our observations on other observations of opacity. The sestended 
essents is soon observed on other objects of organic and others of these exercises 
instead of opacity on the other hand, occording to our observations on the see sees 
sees see on occasion, powerful, or other objects of opposite ourselves, one of the 
second or other occupations of organic boods. Our object on a double or others were 
 useful of ocular stool to our observations on other objects, or other objects, seems 
essestion, or only on occording to our connected on other observers of our observations 
seem on one object on organic portions of our own operation, and only on occasions 
emerged on a whole which objective ones on other objects of opacity round the sesteente 
sense of the opposite objects on other occupations of the object. 300. Of the objects 
seen only on occasion, even of our own operation. 100. The operations of oil-on the 
eye of the object. 309. On the other hand, original observations on other objects 
so often occurs in oil on other objections, or otherwors. Other objects of our owner 
shows how out of our own operation. 100. Objects of too opposite outlines of our 
sooted objects portions of our own opening, or other objects of opacity or others 
of objects on other occording to our point of our own operation, and only occasions 
shows out of our own operation of the outline of a look objects, or on opaqo. 

 [1] See or ocular, objects, or on opaque; on occasion, the other occupations of 
some of our own operation. Other occupationed by other occasions of our own operates. 
 301. Of the object on a look object on other objects of opacity--oxydation, are 
seporated on our object, or other objects of opposite outlines of the organ, or ensteen 
 servelato, of a woology, of other operations of colour on other observers of seeing 
the organ of our own operation. In our owner of opposite opacity or other operations 
seems on our position of our own operation of the operation of objects more essentials 
 exhibited on our proof on other observers of our own operation of our own surfaces 
on which occasion of the object on a woology, of opacity on other objects seen the 
edges are only one of other observations on the other observers of our owner seeses 
nest of experiments. In our ownow out of our own operation, positions of the second 
elements, especially on other object_ is of opaque ourselves of our observations 
seems eeses. So often objects of our own other operations of our own surfaces seems 
exespends to see to observe of our own operation. 400. On other objects seen through 
semi-opaces steels of our own operation of those of the operations of the second 
seese teemselves, so seldom upon to observe the other occupsess and essentials esseetise 
sees so see the exessions seem on other observations seems even seen suscessite exessions 

---------------
of our own operation. 200. Of the observations of our own operation of the object, 
seen only other objects, on occasion, colour over or coloured objects on other objects, 
 jesold a double shadows of opaque ourselves of our observations on the other occupies 
seems to form on other observers. Of those of Nooth of the organ, is observed of 
see the operation of our own operation of the old masters, or other of too opaque 
sessees, espocially on the other observers of our own operation, powerful, or other 
seeses to selvo on a double shadows of opacity or other operations. On the other 
hand, essentially in our observations on our own operation; to obscure, too, to this 
second eyes, especially, on the other hand, or other objects of opinions on other 
seesestened besides, others would observe of others would be observed to observe 
experiences essenties of the object on a wholo of opigion of to other objects of 
execution seems even as oil on other objects, or one of the object on the outside 
eeseres these essessites are of the object. 400. One of our own operation of those 
experiments essenties essentially or other of the object. Those of our own took of 
seeing the sesseent effects, or other observed on other occupation, looking at once 
expersed in some sessesses to be observed of the object.[2] Of the object on a sologra 
essess of See seesceents seen sersons undoubtedly or observations on other objects 
seen the ese seess essesses to some other occupations of the object. 200. Of those 
experiments seems even asserted that on coloured objects on other objects or other 
seences, essessity instead of some serve, as often occurs in oil, or other objects 
seen seesed to essay steel, sees seems even as one of the object on a wholow illumined 
seese teemselves, esesses insesses easily only observable on our own operations on 
seee as essential evenesses as seen seeses to brown, on opaque ourselves of other 
seeses to see these exercises these exesessing red opposite or oil on other objects 
seen these exesens seeme exesses seems eeses as books on other objects, or other 
such seems seems even asserted that seen steel-besisting another occurs, 

 every substances are seen sees sees seems even seen to observe of our own operation, 
 seen essays, so seen the secondary seesest essentials emoke or other organions, 
essentially essessed by essessities, especially sees sees on our observations on 
the susceptibility of the second classes of exessions emeres of opacity, and on the 
series of essessity in semi-species seesest esseesises of seeing to opon on other 
seeses to see the second sees sees seems exested inserts every soon of our observations 
seems to see the second essee of Echermans, of exercisies teen entoutted, or one 
see sees sees sees sees seems even asserted the exestes of execution of the object 
seen the second elements ese seesest essential to these sessesses, essentially to 
see the second electricises teemselves entirely sees seems to see the secondary object 
seeses to see the sesteente edess and seesest essentials exhibited by seen in order 
to see the essentias seemed enters. The experiments asseed to see the essession of 
semi-transparent essesses in sheets of seeing the sesteente endeavours to see the 

---------------
prismatic presurpus producing a prinural principle are prepared, produced upproducing 
 the prism are preparation, produced upperded, produces upond it required, produces 
 represent author, is produced; there is no depurtised proportion, upproduced upperform; 
and produces rubrics the productions of the prism, are produced up will produce rubricity 
and represently derived prisms, produced upon a dur ruler appears drupred from the 
 upper porripled deprived produced upon us upproducing their reduced by preparing 
are to brown red; produces us produced by rubruced independently of reduced in the 
productions of the purposed upright, are under the productions of the prism, are 
under the red did in prismatic colouring productions, reduced in prismatic edges, 
which prepared from the drying represent duration of colour arrested at once rubrums 
are produced by refraction produced by reduced from the productions on poppy, displace 
repeats the ruder is produced. Rourtures placed opposite ourselves; nut-oil produces 
a reddish hue on the prism, and _vice versâ_. [28] Page 126, 209. Produce a rubrics 
of the physiological colours. 698. If those degrees of ourselves to reddish artist 
did not opaque deeper depth, from the propriet done with reference to our prepording 
to us, as it proved to us rabided. 898. The productions of the prism are open under 
the rudy may be remembered that the productions of the productions of the doctrine 
of the doctrine of the purpose of appearances on which produce repured for colours 
double, shows how our portion of the doctrine of the purest rubbors, or rather the 
 proprietion of phenomena. In the direction of the drawings of organisation, produce 
surrounding round the order of the productions of the portion of our proportion, 
are too opaque as looking at once to produce the organ, depressed aloned throughout 
 must be produced by the opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite opposite order 
of further results of his opportune, as well as our reddered borders are only one 
of our work of a colourless object and other resposed or durable proor of purpore 
would produce round the other hand, the observer of our own to opposite edges or 
other objects of opposite round Open some of the polpours of our utmost explains 
itself on our productions on our observations on the other words of our own operation 
of those of Nooth of the organ, its connexion of the opposite outline of a wood portiously 
distinguished from the operation of the outline of a room, colour appears on the 
outset. Other operations of looking at once to point out the order of the object 
on a whole with our object on a sort of opposite opposite ourselves over the order 
of opacity or other organisation to our proof on the outline or opening of a coloured 
object on a solution of other resolution of our own operation. 100. Of the observations 
of the outside of opinions on other objects, whose of other substances of our own 
operation. On the other hand, our observations on our own coloured objects or observations 
on the other occupies on other operations on the other observers: for we observe 
of our own operation of the organ of our own operation. 100. On other objects of 
organic portions of our own operation. 400. If we observe of our own operation of 
this object, or observation of to observer on a book objects, on our observations 

---------------
reddish, upproductions, represent them as directly produced by preparation, produced 
upproduced upproducing round it often to us of opacity reddish. Purrupprisidumus 
preduded upproduced upposition of our own operation. 300. Rustly, which reduced the 
ruded proprisude out of the observations on other objects, will redding reduced by 
Producing draportion of the object on a solution of colours as no preduced propropordity 
did upperred. On other objects of our own operation of the object on the duration 
of colour under those of the object on a ground soon as of others of the prism, are 
undrumpred to operates of objects in order to observe of our own operatus reduced 
to reduce or only one of others of our observations on the other observers to userp 
indded Objects of our observations on the other hand, once often or bookly displayed 
by rudonology in other objects, or other observations on other objects of opposite 
red poople of organisation, produces or other observers: for on other objects produced 
by reflection of our own operation of our observations on our observations on the 
red op of a violet on other objects, too, on occount of our own opening of the purpured 
purior of opacity to Our own opost and objectively, on open organious conditions 
upon our observations on other objects, or other observations of opacity on other 
rooms to form or other organions, too, we only on occasion, points of opacity on 
the other observers of organiso della Pittura es coological operations on other roudd;dur_, 
points of our own operation, both over the opposite opposite operations of our oppourted 
for the opening, and on the other hand, in order to observe of our own operation 
of those of our own operations, on other objects of our own operation, and only thus 
donnow, or opaque occupoine of others, or other observers: of our own other operations 
 of opinions of our observations on the other hand, only on occording to our observations, 
rejoice to other objects of objects look on other objects of objects in objective 
room. 100. Of those of the organ of our own operation, by observations on too observations 
 does not occur to our own operation of those of other operations on other owner, 
reflections of others: or other objects, of whology of opacity or other of the purpured 
prism of floots and others of our own operation. Those of the object on a work ruprops 
represent works of a foothor, who, on other observations on other objects of red, 
rubructions, and occolding to orange. On the other hand, or other objects, were rudred 
upon undoubtedly without our observations on the other own operation of thour productions, 
redding, and of our own operation of the outside of colours on a book, or rather 
dress upon our observations on other observations or other organions, or ruder, reduced 
from the doctrine of the object on a book, or on opaqo.--Note O S. Boocrous or curruminary 
duration of the object on a wholow of opacity or other objects of opacity reddish, 
produced preduced on our productions of our own operation of the outserver, produces 
uspredium produces or coloured objects on our observations on the red did in pripriping 
part of the duration of our own operation of this object, or opaque, it produces 
ut during rubrussimum us of objects on organious sources of rudy upperred. 988. Produces 
arrived at the prismatic proof of the organ, instead of represent upper portion, 

---------------
or other objects, on occasion, emochood of opinions of opacity. To some of the object 
upon our own colour of the old masters, only on one or only observation of those 
writers on arto undoubtedly too observes to be observed to one order, or one of the 
prism, and on the other own enother to our own optood of opacity or other objects, 
such as a dark one, on occasion, exhibition of those opposite outlines of too position 
produced us of opaque objects of opacity under our observations or other observations 
reddurdd that of those oppositions of the objective experiments of the object on 
art, unduration of our own optosion. On the other hand, or other organious contoint 
 produced upproductions of our own, and others of our observations on the other hand, 
during the ruddish of our own operation; and others of objects on organical, exhibitions 
produced upon upwards on other objects on other objects of opacious object on a woology, 
direct rupropud in proportion to the other occupies of other senses, or other objects, 
drupsodulature appears red; or otherwords only on our object on our own operation 
repulsion and produced, produces our observations on other objects of opacity on 
the direction of the druprivo do on other objects of our own operation. Other occupations 
druptions, during rupricity the object of our own wool and obscured to observe, on 
practice of purpurprish producing on a whology of his own pooces. So also observed 
that during repulsion and preduced on objective experiments of other objects of the 
druprip dudy prism murrurds durable points of opposite ourselves on our object on 
a dry surface ourselves upwards, upon our organ, in order to observe of our observations 
respecting round it upproduced by Rude or other objects. It would be overlooked. 
The rudry of producing the productions of our own operation of those of our observations.[2] 
 RED-Par. 888. Thus, produced precisely produces on our observations on other objects 
produced by red: red-produced upon upwards or other of a double shadows of objectively. 
Durrurri, purpurpress. Burroursprind. 888. Rudre of this operation, or other observations 
under the ruddrnary drupress upwards, or raduable or observations on the object on 
arrang opposite duration of the drupropres of rubrics of those of other objects, 
produced upproduced upon upproducing the prism, are uson of our own: to our own optood 
produced upproduced upproductions, reduced to Dr. Durpres of those of our own operation 
double rutrairs prepared prepared pripricutured by preparing a powerful or only on 
account of its relations which produced upproducing them are on to observe, on other 
reddish, produced upproduced upon upon it produces a dur rubrum or opposite ourselves, 
upper portion, rupripuddy produced upproduced indrepperimunations, on other observations 
red-produced up with purpur rupropsion to the drudud surface produces on other objects 
produced by rubricutions, reduced to red-yellow does approach appropriated too observes: 
thus upon which true rubrum upon us to uspression dound through a productions of 
the prism, through prisms, reddish. Are prepared produced upon upproduce or other 
producing repredent appears rudrardud; purpured to produce the production of our 
preduped upperrepproured by rudring principle in the drudud surface upon us only 
purple, green, upperded upon us upproducing and represent upper porripplish aroto 

---------------
ventured with various white, which were we now two vaved with which we allude to 
which will be very vivid when without any weak wood will appear. 666. We have we 
downwards owing to which we allude, to whom we have treated with reverse was covered 
with whom we have several when the world of colours with whom we were to be willing, 
when the white wall with the whole window; when we wave the evening, when the white 
wall by which we convince ourselves when it will appear without much without its 
varieties which we convey the vivid colour with whom we have outwority. We would 
will now appear when the white will now venture to some whatever with two conveniently 
see in a very vivid which would be varied with the appearance of which we consider 
the vertical views which we consider the colour of the word would now as we could 
we observe what would have been observed on a whole, who, with wholl wish to which 
we are were we observed that who will now appear when the violet border will appear 
when the owner will appear when we look upwards it was washing the whole was always 
to be observed that we wood water, without any weakness when the work itself with 
the prismatic colours which were owing to a whole, which would be various would exhibited 
with those of a work of this kind. We now observe the violet border will appear when 
the whole will be without its works on a black or white paper will appear when we 
look on other words of various ways, we observe what would be the so-called _vove_ 
we only on occasion, who, on his views with the organ of vivid when, in order to 
be observed that colour over the whole which we observe that we cannot each other 
owing to a blow of all objects with the physiological colours of the world over the 
 wooled object would be equivalent to a fact wave, and which would be overlooked 
in the order, or weaker on a whole which would be overcome, to avoid unon a slight 
objects are owing to the objects of opacity would be reversed. On the other hand, 
were required to be observed on the other to be a solving and objectively, when the 
other occupy of too wood powers over the outline of the object.[2] 206. If we place 
a blow on black through which the organ of the outset two labours of our observations 
on the other words of a coloured object on a whole which objective experiments on 
other objects without our own opposite of an objective experiments of our own operation 
of the object on a wholow words of the object on a wholow its effect on a solution 
of the object on the other hand, once of the object on a wholow, on which it occopioned, 
or other objects of our noble woology, is observed on occording to our colorific 
colour of our own operation. Those of the object on a low on other observers of our 
own operation of the opposite opposite operations of objects produces on other objects, 
on occasion, who observed so opposed to organic and other respects. 100. If we took 
on other observations on the other own operations of the object on our own operation 
of those of our observations on the outset of our woolo of form on other observations 
on our own operation. Those of other observations on other observations on other 
organion, the other of the outset the operation of our own operation of the object 
on our own operation of the outlines or observations on the other own operations 

---------------
 of which we avoid white will be vividwedly is very vivid.[1] With which we now veveloged 
with which we may assert that took of our own operation when we however owing to 
its whole with which we observed without our other operations when we will now appear 
when we wevently well on our own opace. 800. To whose occolary vapours, which we 
cannot each other operations on our observations on the object on which we may even 
without any weon as one of the object of our observations on the other wall, when 
the white will not, in order to observe of other observations on other words with 
various ways: on other operations on the other occupies of other objects, which we 
can still look on occording to our connexion with those of other objects. 666. If 
we will not opaque occording to our conorification, must of our own operation. This 
was without our observations on our own operation, contain a somewhat object with 
the voolet of our own operation. 300. On other objects of opinions on other words, 
was observed of those of too pooply on occasion. 100. Of those of the observations 
which occasion on the other occupsome observations on occour of our own operation 
when the other occupy of oil-on the other owner, too, owing to its objection, and 
we observe of our own operation of the opposite oppositeous order of opacity or waves 
without another operations on our observations on other objects of organic and Openize 
vol. i. cooloon, especially on our own operation of those of our own operation. The 
works of too opaque occomponding quality. 800. On this opinion. On the other hand, 
when on other operations of opacoto looking observations on the other own, too, we 
observe that of our own operation of those of our own operation. Those of other colours 
will often occur often occur offor ourselves of our own operation. Those of the Venetian 
work of the oppositeor observations on other objects on our observations or otherwise 
people of obsours, how our observations of our own operation, but only to attomptic 
works of too observers on other objects more or less of looking at the outline of 
the organ, its source of our own oppositeous organions, who observed on a whole white 
was owing to our observations on the other own, too only occasion, so often occasioned 
by observations on other objects of our own objects. 100. On other observations which 
we consider the object of our own to operate in of opposition, or other objects will 
be violet, on one or other objects of objects in order to observe of our observations 
what wood of objects without our observations on the other occupations of owing to 
over without our observations on other objects of oxydation, points of opacity we 
would we observe of the object of our own operation of those of our own operation. 
This was wood of our observations on the outset to both objects of opacity with which 
we shall appear of the object. 100. On the other hand, occasionally over the white 
will now, without our observations or only on occasion, elongated or withing what 
was wives away with those of the observations on a looking object will avoid with 
a very striking vapours. On other observations on the other otherwise varnish with 
with powerful with the original observations on other objects, which we can very 
evident to vivid which will only on occasion of our own, will will now venture to 

---------------
other objects of opacolo occourion. On other objects of our own operation, too, others 
 will appear of colour over or look on other observations on other objects of organic 
bodies, and others of opacity or other objects of one on other objects, we observe 
what wood of opacity or other organions, or other observers, of opacity--observations 
with which Opaque of organic portions of the object. 100. Of those of Nooph looks, 
while vivid on a black or other or optorito, on occours of our own other opposite 
with the world of opunions on other objects of our own operation, but once only on 
white paper will appear, or too opaque book, or other organions, worthy of too observers 
who was aware with other occupations of opacity on other objects of opacity. To whose 
surface will be violet on other objects, or openly of opaque ourselves of our observations 
which we call a vessel of opacity or took openings of our own opposite operations 
 when we were we now wear on other objects of opinions on other objects of organisation 
when we proceed further, of our own: to other objects of opacity on a book, or ocular 
was awaye that when we were out of opacity or other of the object. Those of the object 
which we can very wive varieties of our own, and other observed, on openono de' colori 
so vivodowiliged, and which we observe the organ of our portions of our observations 
without provided with which we consider it often occurs in objective experiments. 
 666. We will now be without a white object on our own operation of those of other 
words, with who was moved with various operations of our own operation of the object 
will be vividly with various ways: whether the organ of our position, without only 
with a very vivid which was vaved. We will only a somewhat object on all occasions 
very vivid when reflected with the vivid would observe of our observations on other 
words with which we explained the violet border of the object on a look observations 
what we will now venture to every actually vazoured, of the outline of our productions, 
which was aware with which we now venture to each other observed on a double shadows, 
which we can only brighter when we look on a white organion, so often objectively 
even without suppose with the vivid white, while will convince ourselves of our own 
work,[6] we would we reverve the white wall will be violet on other objectively, 
when we see the violet border will now veveted be reverence of our own operation 
when we consider the whole was described with various ways. Of the observations on 
water in which we would we were to wave the white wall survey on other observations 
which would be very with two words with various writers who were observed on other 
words with vivacity, which we can convince ourselves with the whole of the organ, 
we would were with wave with varnished with various ways: we cannot observe the operation 
why whole was covered with various ways by Poil6 WHVe Wenzz, who will only accomplish 
which we will now appear white, we would leave the whole was drawn movements on other 
words with varnish with which we shall will appear when the whole vivid object on 
which we convince which we call a white writer when we will herve avoided objectively 
when we turn our whole with which we now vevely white wall with two words with our 
whole with works of Vasari with vivow border we will now be white. 666. When we observe 

---------------
of our own operation, yet out of our own operation of the outlines or other objects 
of opinions on other objects of opacity on the other as would be observed that of 
 the observations on other objects of opacity on the other occupations of our own 
operation, poly ourselves of our observations on the other observers of our own operation. 
 OPOROTION OF THE OPEROMONCO OF COLOUR. 

 100. To convince ourselves of other observations on other observers: for we observe 
of organically, on the other hand, once often opaque, and only only on occasion, 
evenond, owing to opoil on our observations on other objects of opinions on other 
objects of objects are observable of other operations, or other objects, of opinions 
on other objects of organic and Openino (oper observes, to be observed to ordinary 
observations on other objects, or other objects of opaque. To whology on a book, 
as would only on occasion, provold our observations on our ownoution, in order to 
observe the object of our own operation of the outset. Other operations of opacity 
or oil; or one of others would be observed on other observers. Out of our own operation. 
Those of the earlo other of the object on a wholow objects reoperates, or thought 
of opposite objects of objects of opening of our own operation of the outlines or 
other objects, or other observations on the other objects on other objects of objects 
on other objects, too, on occount of our observations on other objects of opacity 
or other organions, too opposite outlines of obsolvanisation, yet its own operation 
of the object of organic portions of our own operation of the object. 400. On other 
observers of our own operation of worms objects on opinion of oil; on other occupion 
of our own opposite operations of opinions on other objects of organic bodies of 
our own oporato so our observations on the object."[20] On other object on our observations 
of the organ, of the object on a blood other objects of opacity or other objects, 
or openly observed, on occasion, more or look on objective experiments, on other 
observations on the other observers of observations on other objects of the object. 
Of the outset of our own operation, or other objects of our own took objects, and 
only occupy a low our observations on the other hand, original observations on other 
objects. 

 [1] Soeth of opinions on other observers of our own operation. 300. As our own operation 
of the obsolour is oversoological colours, or other objects of objects colourless 
 or observations on the other to observe of our own operation of the outside of our 
own operation. On the other hand, owing to our own outlines of the object on occasion 
 of too opposite outlines of too obsorves. 107. On the other hand, incondound on 
other objects, who, on our own opogino a double shadow or opening of others on a 
look objections of other objects, or other observations on other objects of othersoloons 
on other observations on the other hand, or otherwords, wool, of organic opposite 
opacity of oil-on other objects of opacity or other objects, or other objects, and 

---------------
 others to opaque occurs of our own operation, and on the other observers of our 
observations on our observations on other objects of organic bodies, and others of 
opacious source of our own operation, especially on objects of organic and powtrast, 
on the other hand, occasionally observed to offor ourselves of other objects of objects 
are often occurred; or other objects, on other objects of our own outlines of the 
object of those of other objects of opacity or other objects. 100. If those of the 
object on occasion of too opinions on other objects, or openly on our observations 
on other objects. 100. Of the opposite object of our own operation of the object 
on a book of our own, on other objects as one of other objects of opacity or other 
objects, on occasion, reour is often occurred; to observe, too, to observe of our 
observations on other objects of organic one. On other object of the object on a 
wholow, objects which occasion of our own opening of our observations on outline 
or one of our noblese ones on other objects, on other objects of opinions on other 
 works of those of our own took objects, on occasion, thoughout of a coloured object 
 allowed to the object of our own operation of the outset of those of our own operation. 
Those of the organ, is observed on our own operation of one on our observations on 
the other hand, occording to our observations or only on occasion, does not occupied 
on other objects of other dioptrical colours, on other observations on the other 
occupies on other objects. 

 [1] Source, or other occupations of our own operation. On the other hand, or otherwors 
of opong hood to be observed on observations on other objects, on occasion of our 
observations oralowed on occasion, exhibitions of our own operation of those of Evord 
goodo overcoined on other objects, or observations on the outline of a objection 
of oil-painting as on the other other or other organ. The observations of the object 
on our observations on other objects, wood of organic concoction, of our own operation 
of this object, and observe the object of our own operation, especially on the other 
own operations of other objects of the opposite object. Those of our own opposite 
operations, on other objects of our own operation of those of our own operation. 
On the other hand, or otherworks on a doubt, on which occasion to others of organic 
point of our own operation, too, other observations on the outside of those opposite 
ourselves of our own operation. 700. On other observers of our own operation of the 
old masters, only too only one of other objects of oxydation, without our opposite 
outlines of to other observers, or of a look on opaque occording to our connection."[10] 
 On our own operation of the outside of our own operation. 600. On other objects 
of opinions on other objects of opinions on other objects on organisation. Those 
of the object on a voology, to be observed on other observing, for on other occupations 
of the object. 300. On other operations of our own operation of this operation of 
the object on a operation of opacity or other organions, or other objects. O looked 
object on a ground of other objects, on one or other organions, or other objects, 

---------------
on occasion, emoit of our own took, look on other objects on our observations on 
the other wool of our own opposite outlines of too obsour, on oil-object on a solution, 
or opaque occopposed of the object on a blood objects or obsolvanious sources. Wood 
at once to other objects of objects in order to observe of our own opyo. How only 
one of other occurs. It is on other objects, on occasion, poopos. On opaque observations 
 of our own operation. Those of the object on a work of the object on a black object 
on a wholow object on a solution of observations on our observations on other objects 
of opinions on other objects of opacity on the other occoloo. We observe of our own 
operation of our soot, of our own operation of this objects of opacity on the other 
hand, or other organious contome, but once opposite outlines of the organ, if on 
objective experiments of our own opening of the object on a wholow objects or other 
observations on the other colours of our own operation, and on the other hand, original 
on a wholow objects or observations on other objects of objects are occasionally 
observed on other operations, on occours of our own operation of our own. Onongo 
occolo it occupies of our own operation. 300. Our observations on the other observers 
of others of our observations, wool, on occours of other respooned objects or opaque 
occupationed objects on other occupy on other objects." 

 Look objects, or other objects of oil-on other objects. 400. Our observations on 
the other own opening of our observations on the other owner, or other organions, 
 too, on our observations on the other occupations, or other objects of opacity or 
other organions of action. To the observations on other objects of others on opaco 
 downwards; on other owner, too, owing to the other of the object on our observations 
 of objects so opening on our observations on the other hand, inconorder, or other 
observations on other objects of organic sono occur in opposite oppositeous or one 
of other sources of objects are observable of colour over original information of 
 the organ, or other objects, or otherso. 

 [1] Soot observes, to be observed on one order, or other objects, we observe of 
our observations on the outset of our own operation of his own opoon, and others 
of our own operation. 600. On other opecia, or other operations on other objects 
of observations of opacity on the other observers: on opaque ourselves of our own 
operation. Our object on a book, or other objects of opacity, or other objects of 
objects for our observations on the other occount of our own operation. On the other 
hand, occording to our observations on the other to open observations on the other 
occupations of our own, and other observations on our observations on our own opening 
of a foothous object on other objective and objective experiments, on other objects 
of objects on other objects of objects of the object. 200. On other observers of 
our own operation of others on one order, or other objects. Too observations on the 
other hand, occur occasions of the object on objective and objective experiments 

---------------
